='I-f TEST

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PARTS
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

101. Ms. Durkin asked for volunteers to help
------- with the employee fitness program.
(A) she
(B) her
(C) hers
(D) herself
102. Lasner Electronics' staff have extensive
------- of current hardware systems.
(A) know
(B) known
(C) knowledge
(D) knowledgeable
103. ------- a year, Tarrin Industrial Supply audits
the accounts of all of its factories.
(A) Once
(B) Immediately
(C) Directly
(D) Yet
104. Ms. Pham requested a refund ------- the
coffeemaker she received was damaged.

20
(A) despite
(B) why
(C) concerning
(D) because

105. Information ------- the artwork in the lobby is
available at the reception desk.
(A) across
(B) about
(C) upon
(D) except
106. With the Gema XTI binoculars, users can
------- see objects that are more than 1 00
meters away.
(A) ease
(B) easy
(C) easily
(D) easier
107. The Physical Therapy Association is
committed to keeping costs ------- for its
certification programs.
(A) affordable
(B) permitted
(C) cutting
(D) necessary
108. Mr. Brennel ------- positions in various areas
of the company before he became
president.
(A) occupation
(B) occupational
(C) occupying
(D) occupied

109. To remain on schedule, editors must submit 115. ------- Jemburger opened its newest I all ------- to the book to the authors by franchise, the first 100 customers were
Friday. given free hamburgers.
(A) ideas (A) Now
(B) essays (B) When
(C) revisions (C) As if
(D) suggestions (D) After all
110. ------- industry professionals are allowed to 11 6. Please include the serial number of your
purchase tickets to the Kuo Photography product in any ------- with the customer
Fair. service department.
(A) Only (A) corresponds
(B) Until (B) correspondence
(C) Unless (C) correspondingly
(D) Quite (D) correspondent
111. At Pharmbeck's banquet, Mr. Jones ------- a 117. The award-winning film UndetWater Secrets
trophy for his performance in this year's promotes awareness------- ocean pollution
quality-improvement initiative. and its effects on our planet.
(A) accepted (A) of
(B) congratulated (B) to
(C) nominated (C) from
(D) hoped (D) with
11 2. Ms. Suto claims that important market 118. BYF Company specializes in -------
trends become ------- with the use of data promotional items to help companies
analysis. advertise their brand.
(A) predict (A) personally
(B) prediction (B) personalized
(C) predictable (C) personality
(D) predictably (D) personalizes
11 3. One of Grommer Consulting's goals is to 11 9. ------- the rent increase is less than
enhance the relationship ------- salespeople 2 percent, Selwin Electrical Supply will
and their customers. continue to lease the space.
(A) inside (A) As long as
(B) within (B) Along with
(C) around (C) Not only
(D) between (D) Otherwise
11 4. Depending on your answers to the survey, 120. Belden Hospital's chief of staff meets
we ------- you to collect additional regularly with the staff to ensure that
information. procedures ------- correctly.
(A) may call (A) to be performed
(B) are calling (B) would have performed
(C) have been called (C) had been performed
(D) must be calling (D) are being performed

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ...
TEST 1 21

121. Any requests for time off should be 126. Last year, Tadaka Computer Solutions
addressed to the ------- department ranked third ------- in regional earnings.
supervisor. (A) together
(A) urgent (B) overall
(B) appropriate (C) consecutively
(C) subsequent (D) generally
(D) deliverable

127. ------- the popularity of the BPT39 wireless
122. World Fish Supply delivers the freshest fish speaker, production will be increased
possible thanks to innovative ------- and fivefold starting next month.
shipping methods. (A) On behalf of
(A) preserves (B) Whether
(B) preserved (C) Moreover
(C) preserve (D) As a result of
(D) preservation

128. Zypo Properties has just signed a lease
123. Company executives are currently agreement with the law firm ------- offices
reviewing the annual budget ------- are on the third floor.
submitted to them by the Financial Planning (A) how
department. (B) what
(A) requirements (C) whose
(B) deliveries (D) wherever
(C) developers
(D) qualities 129. ------- events this year caused profits in the
second and third quarters to differ
124. Even the CEO had to admit that Prasma significantly from original projections.
Designs' win was ------- the result of (A) Total
fortunate timing. (B) Marginal
(A) parts (C) Representative
(B) parted (D) Unforeseen
(C) partly
(D) parting 130. The timeline for the pathway lighting project
was extended to ------- input from the
125. Mr. Singh took notes on ------- the focus environmental commission.
group discussed during the morning (A) use up session. (B) believe in
(A) each (C) make into
(B) several (D) allow for
(C) another
(D) everything

22

PART6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 131 -134 refer to the following advertisement.
With Global Strength Gym's 30-day trial period, you get the opportunity to try out our classes,
equipment, and facilities. ------- . It's completely risk-free! To sign up, we require your contact

131.

information and payment details, but you will only be charged if you are a member for
-
1
-
3
2.-30 days. If you decide within this time that you no longer want to be a member of
Global Strength,------- visit our Web site at www.gsgym.com. On the Membership page, elect to

133.

-1-34: your membership and enter the necessary information. It's that easy!

131. (A) Throughout the trial, you pay nothing
and sign no contract.
(B) Weight-lifting classes are not currently
available.
(C) A cash deposit is required when you
sign up for membership.
(D) All questions should bee-mailed to
customerservice@gsgym. com.
132. (A) not even
(B) almost
(C) over
(D) less than

133. (A) justly
(B) regularly
(C) evenly
(D) simply
134. (A) extend
(B) renew
(C) cancel
(D) initiate

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE IJ
TEST 1 23

I

Questions 135-138 refer to the following instructions.

As a Hanson-Roves employee, you are entitled to sick absences, during which you will be paid for
time off work for health ------- . To avoid deductions to your pay you ------- to provide a

135. ' 136.

physician-signed note as documentation of your illness. ------- should include the date you were

137.

seen by the doctor, a statement certifying that you are unable to perform the duties of your
position, and your expected date of return. Your supervisor will then forward the documentation to
Human Resources. ------- . Employee health records can be accessed only by those with a valid . 138.
business reason for reviewing them.

135. (A) reasons
(B) origins
(C) senses
(D) contributions
136. (A) were required
(B) require
(C) are required
(D) are requiring
137. (A) Those
(B) They
(C) I
(D) It

24

138. (A) Hanson-Roves ensures the privacy of
your health information.
(B) Absences may be caused by a
number of factors.
(C) You should then explain why a
physician's note is not available.
(D) Take note of the duties you were
originally assigned.

Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.

To: fcontini@attmail.com
From: btakemoto@arolischems.co.uk
Date: 15 July
Subject: Your first day at Arolis
Dear Mr. Contini,
Welcome to Arolis Chemicals! Thank you for------- the full-time, permanent position of laboratory 139.
assistant. We look forward to your arrival on 1 August in the Harris Building. Please report to the
front desk and ask for Jack McNolan. He ------- you to the Human Resources office. There, you 140.
will obtain your employee badge --
1
----- all documents necessary to start work. Note that because
41.

of its large size, the Leicester campus of Arolis can be difficult to navigate. Studying a campus
map will help orient you to the location of the different buildings. ------- . 142.
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Sincerely,
Brandon Takemoto
HR Administrative Officer

139. (A) offering
(B) accepting
(C) discussing
(D) advertising
140. (A) accompany
(B) did accompany
(C) accompanies
(D) will accompany
141. (A) too
(B) also
(C) as well as
(D) additionally

142. (A) Please sign all the documents.
(B) I will provide you with a replacement.
(C) Construction will be completed next
year.
(D) You can download one from our Web
site.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ~
TEST 1 25

Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.

(18 Aprii)-MKZ Foods, Inc., the region's largest exporter of pecans, expects its outgoing
shipments to increase significantly over the next few months. This ------- is based on the fact that

143.

the region's pecan farmers expanded their land area by 20 percent last year. According to
spokesperson Katharina Seiler, MKZ's exports could reach a colossal 50,000 metric tons this
year. ------- . 144.
MKZ buys most of the yield from the region's pecan farms and processes it -
1
-
45: export
throughout the world. "The availability of new land for ------- in the region is creating opportunities 146.
for growth," said Ms. Seiler. "I believe MKZ is going to have a truly outstanding year."

143. (A) cost 145. (A) on
(B) for
(C) in
(D) by

(B) delay
(C) decision
(D) forecast
144. (A) Such a figure is unprecedented in the
company's history.

26
(B) Moreover, Ms. Seiler holds an
advanced degree in economics.
(C) Pecans are high in vitamins and
minerals.
(D) Still, MKZ shares have been profitable
in recent years.

146. (A) farming
(B) farmer
(C) farmed
(D) farm

PART7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 147-148 refer to the following text message.

Chakia Brown [3:32 P.M.]
Hi, Ziva. I just met with the Han board of directors,
and they're interested in our redesign proposal for their
downtown office buildings. Amy Han asked for another
work sample, but I didn't have the right portfolio with
me. I'm heading to another meeting, so please have a
messenger deliver a copy of the Grainger Centre files
to her. Include the full set of plans. Thanks!

•
•
----•

147. Where does Ms. Brown most likely work?
(A) At an accounting firm
(B) At an architectural firm

148. What is Ziva asked to do?
(A) Reply to a text message
(B) Create a portfolio

(C) At a Web design company
(D) At a market research company

(C) Set up a meeting
(D) Send a work sample

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 1 27

I

Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.

To:
From:
Date:
Subject:

E-Mail Message

Oak Lane Fashion cashiers
Jane Benson
July 8
Update

Beginning August 1, Oak Lane Fashion will only accept returns or exchanges of unworn
and undamaged clothing that has the original receipt.
This information will be posted at all checkout counters by next week. We will also
send an e-mail to our existing customers so that they are aware of the new rule. If a
customer wishes to make a return without a receipt, please call the manager on duty for
assistance. Thanks for your help.
Jane Benson
Director of Operations

-- ,- -

'i E

149. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To request a sales report

150. According to the e-mail, what will managers
do?

(B) To announce a new policy
(C) To discuss a fashion trend
(D) To describe an upcoming sale

28

(A) Decide how to display new
merchandise
(B) Train staff to use the cash register
(C) Help customers with special requests
(D) Decide what items get price discounts

Questions 151-152 refer to the following Web page.
https://www.carmontmedia.co.tt

Carmont Media's Culture

l Home I I Programs I I Services I About Us l I Contact Us
At Carmont Media, our work culture is mission driven. We hire people who
share a common goal of enriching listeners' minds through engaging and truthful
news stories. We also actively recruit a diverse staff to reflect our Trinidadian and
Tobagonian audiences. Carmont Media's diversity contributes to its Star teams.
These teams, composed of workers from all levels of the organization, meet
regularly to hold brainstorming sessions aimed at improving efficiency and
productivity. Carmont Media offers opportunities for profess ional advancement
and encourages work-life balance.
,. .'.

151. What is mentioned about Carmont Media's
employees?
(A) They get experience in various
departments.
(B) They enjoy working for the
organization.
(C) They come from a variety of
backgrounds.
(D) They are recruited through a staffing
agency.

·' .;;.

152. What is a purpose of Carmont Media's Star
teams?
(A) Seeking new employees
(B) Raising funds for projects
(C) Promoting work-life balance
(D) Finding creative solutions

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 1 29

I

Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.

. I
Louisa Santos 9:30A.M.
Kenji, where are you? The job candidates are here.
Kenji Muro 9:31A.M.
Sorry! The bridge is closed. My bus had to take a detour. I should be
there in 30 minutes. Please start without me.
Louisa Santos 9:34A.M.
OK. I'm going to interview Elena Crenshaw first.
Kenji Muro 9:34A.M.
Good. She's the one with experience at another T-shirt company.
Louisa Santos 9:35A.M.
Yes. Can you believe our small company has grown so much that
we need to hire someone just to process orders?
Kenji Muro 9:36A.M.
I know! OK. I'll see you soon.

153. What does Mr. Muro want Ms. Santos
to do?

154. At 9:36A.M., what does Mr. Muro mean
when he writes, "I know"?

30
(A) Process some orders
(B) Make a hiring decision
(C) Reschedule a meeting
(D) Talk to a job candidate

(A) He is also surprised by the company's
growth.
(B) He thinks salaries should be higher.
(C) He has met Ms. Crenshaw before.
(D) He is certain his bus will arrive in
30 minutes.

Questions 155-157 refer to the following article from a company newsletter.
Mark Chandler is Back!
The Administrative Services Division
welcomes back to headquarters Associate
Director Mark Chandler. - [1]-. Mark
spent the last month in Ottawa attending an
advanced training session about corporate
information security. Corporate-security
training allows a company to safeguard its
sensitive, confidential, and proprietary
information.
Mark is among a growing number of corporate
executives who have successfully graduated
from this rigorous course. - [2]-. A
member of the National Organization of
Corporate Security Officers (NOCSO), Mark
was formally recognized by the organization
for his part in developing software that keeps
electronic documents safe. - [3]-. Well
done, Mark! - [4] - .

155. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To recognize an employee's
accomplishments

157. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?

(B) To introduce a new staff member
(C) To clarify what information is
considered confidential
(D) To describe the challenges of corporate
security

156. How did Mr. Chandler improve corporate
security?
(A) He trained his company's security
officers.
(B) He helped design a system for securely
storing documents.
(C) He assisted in developing new safety
guidelines.
(D) He recruited employees who specialize
in corporate security.

"The training included 60 hours of
instruction and a comprehensive written
exam."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 1 31

I

Questions 158-160 refer to the following card.

Congratulations on purchasing Megagroome, the world's finest
rechargeable shaver! To keep your shaver in top condition, clean
your shaver weekly by running it under hot water. Once a month,
disassemble the shaver and clean the internal portion thoroughly
as shown in the owner's manual. The shaving heads should be
replaced every year with the replacement parts listed in the
manual.
The Megagroome shaver has a lithium ion battery that should last
for several years. Please charge the shaver as often as needed. It is
not necessary to fully discharge the battery before recharging it.
Use only the included charger, because use of any other charger
may void the warranty. Complete instructions and details can be
found in the owner's manual. -M

v •eaaa~toome

158. Where would the card most likely be found?
(A) Inside a box with a product

160. What is indicated about the shaver's
battery?

(B) On a bulletin board
(C) In a product display at a store
(D) In the pages of a magazine
159. How often should the shaver be taken
apart?
(A) Daily
(B) Weekly
(C) Monthly
(D) Annually

32

(A) It must run out before charging.
(B) It may be charged whenever
necessary.
(C) It is able to hold a charge for a week.
(D) It will work with different chargers.

Questions 161-163 refer to the following Web page.
( http://www.diversifymuseum.org

~

~

DIVERSIFY MUSEUM

A Museum of Cross-Cultural History and Artifacts
We are proud to announce our newest exhibit: South American Art.
The exhibit will open on 7 June as part of the museum's ongoing Arts Around the World
programme. All museum patrons who have paid the museum entrance fee may view the
exhibit. It will feature historical and contemporary artwork displays from renowned South
American artists.
The curator of the six-week exhibition, Julio Carrera, will bring his vast expertise to the
museum. Before joining the museum's management in March of this year, Mr. Carrera
was the curator for the Brazilian Institute of the Arts for six years and spent three years
studying ancient artifacts for the Centro de Ia Historia del Arte, an art preservation centre
in Venezuela.
The South American Art exhibit will include paintings, sculptures, crafting tools, clothing,
jewellery, murals, and clay pottery from six South American countries. Visiting artists
from these countries will provide art workshops on select dates in July. The cost for each
workshop is £10 in addition to the regular admission fee and includes basic art supplies.

161. What is indicated about the South American
Art exhibit?
(A) It is the first exhibit in the Arts Around
the World program.
(B) It will be on display only through the
end of June.
(C) It includes both old and new art.
(D) It focuses on wall hangings and murals.
162. Who is Mr. Carrera?
(A) A visiting artist
(B) An art journalist
(C) A volunteer tour guide
(D) A museum employee

163. According to the Web page, what can
museum patrons do for an extra fee?
(A) Watch a video on South America
(B) Attend an art class
(C) Explore a new exhibit
(D) Sponsor an upcoming exhibit

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 1 33

I

Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.

Oliver Koh (10:15 A.M.) ~ Hi, Aaron and Denise. Do you know if a package has arrived for me? I was supposed to get
a delivery of some documents today, but maybe they were sent to someone else by mistake.
It's from Schrantz Farm Organics and should be labeled urgent.
Aaron Koskinen (10:17 A.M.)
There's nothing for you here at the front desk. You might want to check with the print shop
on the ground floor.
Denise Matova (10:18 A.M.)
There's a package from Schrantz Farm Organics here in the mail room, but there's no name
on it.
Oliver Koh (10:18 A.M.)
That must be the one for me. Could you please look at the delivery slip again?
Denise Matova (10:19 A.M.)
Sorry, it does have your name on it. It was so small I didn 't notice it.
Oliver Koh (10:20 A.M.)
Great! Could you have the package sent up to my office please?
Denise Matova (10:20 A.M.)
No problem. I'm going upstairs in a minute anyway.
Oliver Koh (10:21 A.M.)
OK, thanks for your help. ~
+I I+

164. Why did Mr. Koh start the online chat
discussion?

166. At 10:19 A.M., what does Ms. Matova most
likely mean when she writes, "Sorry"?

(A) He received a damaged package.
(B) He has a meeting with a client soon.
(C) He is expecting some important
documents.
(D) He delivered a shipment to the wrong
person.

165. What does Mr. Koskinen recommend
doing?

34
(A) Calling Schrantz Farm Organics
(B) Changing a meeting place
(C) Going to the front desk
(D) Checking a different location

(A) She misplaced a delivery slip.
(B) She arrived late to work today.
(C) She would like Mr. Koh to repeat his
instructions.
(D) She made a mistake reading a label.
167. What will Ms. Matova probably do with the
package?
(A) Take it to Mr. Koh
(B) Send it out by express mail
(C) Leave it at the front desk
(D) Remove the items from it

Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
From: II Won Ho Kim I
To: II Management Team I
Date: II 12 AU/i;USt I
Subject: II Im12roving em12loxee satisfaction I
Management Team: ~
- [1] -. Over the next few months, the Human Resources department will be engaging
with the Management Team in a variety of conversations about increasing productivity and
employee satisfaction. - [2] -.
Telecommuting, in which employees are permitted to work from home all or part of the
time, is an approach that many companies are using because it allows employees to work
on tasks that may be difficult to complete in an office full of disruptions. With the building
reconfiguration project coming up in January, we would like to take the opportunity to
consider whether telecommuting would be a good solution for our company. Our fin al
decision on this matter will influence the way in which the work space is reorganized.
I am writing to ask for your feedback. - [3] -. At this point, Human Resources is simply
gathering information. Please complete the telecommuting survey, which is found on the
Human Resources Web site.- [4] -. Just look for the link on the left side of the home
page. I
Thank you in advance, and please let me know if you have any questions.
Won Ho Kim !
Human Resources Manager
GHTY Engineering, Inc. -;-]

168. Why was the e-mail sent?
(A) To remind employees about a policy
(B) To request participation in a survey
(C) To discuss upcoming meetings

171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?

(D) To encourage employees to attend an
event

169. What is mentioned as a benefit of
telecommuting?
(A) It helps employees work without
interruptions.
(B) It frees up space in the building for new
workers.
(C) It is good for the environment.
(D) It saves the company money.
170. What is the company planning to do in the
new year?
(A) Hire a new human resources manager
(B) Reorganize the management team
(C) Change the layout of its building
(D) Introduce a new Web site

"It should be noted that no decisions about
telecommuting have been made."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 1 35

Questions 172-175 refer to the following schedule of events.

The Uppsala International Book Fair

22-24 September • Berglund Conference Hall • Uppsala, Sweden

Schedule for Friday, 22 September

Outthinking Public Opinion 12:00 noon-1:00 P.M., Salon A
Touring to promote his latest book, Outthinking Public Opinion, author Damian Schnauz
makes a stop at the Uppsala International Book Fair to discuss his latest subject, take
questions, and sign his books.
Introductory Course in Graphic Design 1:30-2:30 P.M., Visual Media Centre
Professional digital designers Allen Doubek and Ivanette Lacasse will present useful
techniques and provide attendees with hands-on practice opportunities.
Seminar on Online Publishing 3:00-4:30 P.M., Lindqvist Auditorium
Releasing and promoting e-books and audiobooks on the Internet. Speakers: Kenneth
Pulaski, editor-in-chief ofVendler Publishing, and Tina Savona, marketing manager at
Vendler Publishing. All accompanying materials will be sold at the venue immediately
before and after the seminar.
Readership in the Digital Age 5:00-6:30 P.M., Room 210
Is literacy promoted or inhibited by digital media? Debate moderated by Greg Gunnarson.
• To attend these or any other sessions, purchase a daily admission ticket for 100 kr.
• Note that reservations are not required for any session, but seating is limited, so please
arrive a few minutes before the scheduled time to ensure a seat. Also note that while
photos are permitted, no video recordings may be made of any presentation.
• Meals are available for purchase at locations throughout Berglund Conference Hall.
Information about accommodations may be obtained on our Web site at uibf.se/hotels.

36

172. What is suggested about the first day of the
Uppsala International Book Fair?
(A) It is being organized by a team of
publishers.
(B) No sessions are scheduled for the
morning hours.
(C) Attendance is expected to be the
highest on that day.
(D) Mr. Schnauz will announce the subject
of his next book.
173. Where will book fair attendees be able to
participate in interactive activities?
(A) In Salon A
(B) In the Visual Media Centre
(C) In Lindqvist Auditorium
(D) In Room 210

17 4. What is mentioned about the accompanying
materials for the seminar?
(A) They can be purchased on-site.
(B) They can be downloaded online.
(C) They are available in limited numbers.
(D) They should be ordered from the
presenters.

175. What are book fair attendees encouraged
to do?
(A) Ask questions after sessions
(B) Post photos on social media
(C) Rearrange seats as necessary
(D) Arrive early for sessions

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 1 37

I

Questions 176-180 refer to the following Web page and e-mail.
& I http://wvvw.mountainandforest.ca/custserv/shippinginfo ~ -
Clothing I Gear I Customer Service I About Us
Mountain and Forest Company
The Leader in Quality Camping and Hiking Gear

Please note that most regular electronic or phone orders can be processed and made ready
for shipping almost immediately. Custom and personalized orders may take up to five days for
processing before they are shipped.
Please direct any questions or concerns to our customer service department at
service@mountainandforest.ca. We will respond within 24 hours.
Our shipping rates:
Order cost with tax Overnight shipping Express shipping Standard
(1 day) (3 days) (6-8 days)
Under$25 $8 $5 $3
$25 to $100 $13 $7 $5
Over $1 00 $18 $15 FREE 1--
...

To: II service@mountainandforest.ca
From: II jinheeshin@sharemail.ca
Date: II 10 January
Subject: II Order B75022
I recently placed an order for $135 for hiking boots and a thermal jacket intended for a ~
camping trip this weekend. According to the confirmation I received at the time of my
purchase, my order should have arrived yesterday. Since I paid an additional fee for ! three-day shipping, I was expecting that my order would arrive in a timely fashion. As it
has not, I am requesting a refund of the shipping cost. Additionally, if my order has not
been delivered by tomorrow, please cancel my order as I will have to purchase similar ' items at a local shop.
Sincerely,
Jin-Hee Shin

[';1

38

176. In the Web page, what is indicated about
Mountain and Forest's shipping?
(A) Standard shipping is free for orders
under $25.
(B) Some shipped orders may take up to
eight days to arrive.
(C) The shipping cost depends on the total
weight of an order.
(D) Custom orders are not eligible for
standard delivery.
177. In the Web page, the word "direct" in
paragraph 2, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) address
(B) supervise
(C) prescribe
(D) handle
178. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To suggest a new service policy
(B) To inquire about an order packing error
(C) To request a personalized item
(D) To report a delivery problem

179. How much did Ms. Shin pay for shipping?
(A) $5
(B) $8
(C) $15
(D) $18
180. According to the e-mail, why might Ms. Shin
decide to visit a local shop?
(A) She expects to purchase her items for
a lower price.
(B) She wants to support businesses in her
town.
(C) She needs to have her items before a
certain date.
(D) She hopes to find a greater selection of
sportswear.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 1 39

Questions 181-185 refer to the following schedule and e-mai l.
Society for Trade and Industry (STI)

"The Role of Distance Education in Professional Training"
City University of Abu Dhabi, 11-13 October
DRAFf: Schedule for Wednesday, 11 October

7:30 A.M.-9:00A.M. Conference Registration
9:00 A.M.-9:10A.M. Welcome and Opening Remarks: Yasmin AI Gaood,

Conference Chair

9:15 A.M.-10:00 A.M. Opening Keynote Address: Ayurni Murakami, STI President
10:05 A.M.- 10:50 A.M. Title of presentation unknown: representative to be selected,

Yaounde College of Agriculture, Cameroon
10:55 A.M.-11:40 A.M. Innovative Online Resources: Chia Po Cheng, Taipei

Business Management Institute, Taiwan
11:45 A.M.-1:20 P.M. Lunch (Turquoise Center, central campus)
1:30 P.M.-2:15P.M. Distance Education in the Film Industry: representative

from Scotland to be selected

2:20 P.M.- 3:05P.M. Improving Course Content Quality: Andrei Durchenko,

Moscow Journalism Academy, Russia

3:10 P.M.-4:00P.M. Learner Support Systems: Marcel Peralta, School of

Pediatric Dentistry, Asuncion, Paraguay

From: I Ayumi Murakami <amurakami@ sti.org>
, To: I Yasmin Al Gaood <yasmin.algaood@cuad.ac.ae>
Subject: I · Re: Draft conference schedule for Wednesday
Date: I 25 Au~ust
Hello, Yasmin, ...
f---J

As per your request, I have filled the slots that were listed as still available on the
tentative conference schedule for Wednesday. Dr. Alban Buchanan in Scotland says that he
is eager to talk about distance education as it is practiced within the film academies in his
country. Also, my contact in Yaounde wrote to let me know that Ms. Marie-Therese
Tchangou will be the school's representative.
Mr. Andrei Durchenko has informed me that he is withdrawing from the conference. His
replacement from the same school, Ms. Melina Vakhitova, will submit the title of her
presentation shortly.
I also wanted to add that I will be arriving in Abu Dhabi at 6:00A.M. on Wednesday. That
should give me plenty of time to set up for my presentation.
Regards,
Ayumi -
...

40

181. What is indicated about Ms. Murakami?
(A) She will speak on the first day of the
conference.
(B) She was recently elected STI president.
(C) She will be available to answer
questions.
(D) She is scheduled to present in the
afternoon.
182. When will a specialist in business
management be speaking?
(A) At 10:05 A.M.
(B) At 10:55 A.M.
(C) At 2:20P.M.
(D) At 3:10P.M.
183. In the e-mail, in paragraph 1, line 1, the
word "slots" is closest in meaning to
(A) reservations
(B) machines
(C) openings
(D) buildings

184. What presentation will have to be
canceled?
(A) Innovative Online Resources
(B) Distance Education in the Film Industry
(C) Improving Course Content Quality
(D) Learner Support Systems
185. According to the e-mail, what information is
Ms. Murakami expecting to receive?
(A) The title of a presentation
(B) The name of a replacement speaker
(C) The conference schedule for Thursday
(D) The contact information for
Mr. Buchanan

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 1 41

Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail, list, and article.

42
From: II mstoch@ hesidionclinic.com
To: II lstawinski @nostilde.com
Date: II March 20
Subject: II Hesidion Clinic's Health Awareness Da~
Dear Ms. Stawinski,
In appreciation of your loyalty as a long-time patient of Hesidion Clinic, we are pleased to
invite you to our clinic's Health Awareness Day to be held at the clinic on Saturday,
April 10. We would be delighted to see you attend, as we will offer a number of activities
designed to promote health awareness in our community. If you sign up for this special
event by responding to this e-mail by March 31, you will receive a code to present at the
clinic for a surprise benefit.
Martin Stoch, Communications Director, Hesidion Clinic

Hesidion Clinic Health Awareness Day, AprillO
Tasks and Responsibilities
• Communications: Martin Stoch
• Advertising: Adilene Walker
• Presentations: Jillion Opala (Nutrition),
Lance Verhoeven (Fitness)
• Kids' Health Game: Susan Hayashi
• Health Checkups/Talks: Anne Spillane,
Rami AI-Araj, Kurt Yin, Thierry Daumas

I
I
I
I
~
I
I
t!J

Health Day at Hesidion Clinic
by Shai Herzog on April14
Hesidion Clinic hosted a successful Health
Awareness Day this past Saturday. The
event was held as a way to thank the
community for supporting the clinic over
the past 15 years. It was well attended by
both Hesidion Clinic patients and members
of the general public.
Attendees participated in a variety of
presentations and everyone received free
water bottles, notepads, and other items
from event sponsors. Participants who
provided a special code were offered a
complimentary physical checkup from the
team of clinic physicians.
During the event, a sizable line formed
at Dr. Thierry Daumas' table. "I came out
today to learn about skin care and advances
in eye-care technology. But Dr. Daumas' talk
about how to prevent cavities and improve

186. What is Ms. Slawinski encouraged to do?
(A) Complete a survey
(B) Go to an event
(C) Organize some activities
(D) Meet with Mr. Stoch
187. How did some attendees get a free health
checkup?
(A) By arriving when the clinic opened
(B) By attending Dr. Daumas' talk
(C) By responding to an e-mail from
Mr. Stach
(D) By winning a competition
188. What does Dr. Daumas most likely
specialize in?
(A) Skin
(B) Ears
(C) Eyes
(D) Teeth

oral health provided me with the most helpful
information," said attendee Liana Stawinski.
By far the most popular event was
nutritionist Jillian Opala's presentation on
healthy eating habits. More than 100
people, many of them retirees, flocked to
hear the latest on super foods. The event
took nearly twice as long as expected, as
Ms. Opala answered a steady stream of
participant questions.
Children were delighted to take part in a
health contest involving questions about
general health and hygiene. The winners
received toys and certificates from the
game host. The day was such a success that
Hesidion Clinic director, Lance Verhoeven,
is already considering making it an annual
event.

189. What is indicated about the presentation on
food?
(A) It was filmed.
(B) It was postponed.
(C) It attracted a lot of attention.
(D) It was given by a retired clinic
employee.
190. Who most likely distributed certificates?
(A) Mr. Stach
(B) Ms. Hayashi
(C) Ms. Spillane
(D) Mr. Verhoeven

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 1 43

Questions 191-195 refer to the following brochure, review, and e-mail.

STUDY BUSINESS IN SINGAPORE
The Singapore Business School (SBS) is located in the heart of
Singapore's financial district. We offer a range of high-quality
courses aimed at preparing students for graduate school. Between
classroom sessions you can explore the city and cultivate business
connections. We offer content-based classes, such as finance,
economics, and international marketing, as well as classes on preparing graduate
school applications, including developing CVs and writing personal statements.
We have helped thousands of students gain entry into graduate programmes around
the world. We boast a number of high-profile part-time instructors who are experts
in their fields, including Diara Rhodes, chief financial officer of Auto Drive Korea,
and Farah Wan, vice president of the Kuala Lumpur Union Lenders. For more
information about our impressive faculty and course offerings, or to enroll online,
visit our Web site at www.sbs.edu.sg.

( http://www.sbs.edu.sg/reviews )0 ... I--
Home l ( Classes l ( Reviews I ( Contact Us
What Our Students Are Saying
3 June by Atsushi Koshi
I took a finance course at SBS. The school I am now attending in the United Kingdom
had a prerequisite that I had not fulfilled while earning my Bachelor's degree, so the
eight-week course was convenient. However, I couldn't afford the high rent in the
area, so I had to commute, and the traffic in that area is terrible. I wish SBS offered
a dormitory for students at the school. The quality of instruction was superb. My
lecturer was Diara Rhodes. Though she tended to rush through lectures, discussing
a wide range of topics in a small amount of time, I did learn a lot from the reading
and from her descriptions of real-world experiences. The way she solved business
problems was a source of inspiration during my graduate school interview, and it is
also helping me in my current classes.

~

44

t=l. "E-mail" I=
To: I atsushi.koshi @scholarmail.co.uk I
From: I Isommersell @sbs.edu.sB I
Subjeatt: I Your review I
Date: I 15 August I
Dear Mr. Koshi,
Thank you for your feedback. You're not the first person to voice this particular
concern. Just so you know, we plan on addressing it by following your recommendation.
Students who take classes with us starting as early as 1 January will be able to take
advantage of this new benefit. Please be sure to mention this to anyone you know who
is thinking about taking a class with us.
Kind regards,
Lauri Sommersell

191. Who is the brochure intended for?
(A) Business professionals
(B) Potential graduate students
(C) Instructors seeking employment
(D) Aspiring writers
192. What is indicated about SBS?
(A) It is located in a busy area.
(B) It offers financial assistance.
(C) It provides internship opportunities.
(D) It has employment-assistance services.
193. What does Mr. Koshi mention about his
lecturer?
(A) She required a lot of reading.
(B) She covered topics quickly.
(C) She provided few examples.
(D) She encouraged in-class participation.

194. Where does Mr. Koshi's instructor work
when she is not teaching?
(A) At SBS
(B) At a bank in Singapore's financial
district
(C) At Auto Drive Korea
(D) At Kuala Lumpur Union Lenders
195. How will SBS be addressing Mr. Koshi's
complaint?
(A) By hiring more faculty
(B) By reducing the length of classes
(C) By adding more transportation options
(D) By building student housing on campus

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 1 45

Questions 196-200 refer to the following advertisement, appl ication, and letter.

46

SEEKING FULL-TIME LINE COOK

The Delphine Street Gri ll is a high-profile restaurant serving New Orleans
si nce 1924. We are seeking a line cook to prepare select sauteed items and
sauces under the supervision of the executive chef. The ideal candidate will
have at least one year of related cook ing experience or wi ll have completed a
two-year apprenticeship in a well-established restaurant. Demonstrated ability
to prepare innovative dishes as wel l as classic Cajun-style cu isine is required.
To apply, go to www.delph inestreetgril l.com/careers.

[;][gj~
I www.delphinestreetgrill.com/careers/line cook/apply ~
Name: Anton Hoang
E-mail: antonh94@textmail.com
Phone: 504.555.0177
Related education: Associates degree in culinary arts, Boudreau Community College
Current employer/title: River Ferry Cafe, Line Cook Time employed: Six months
Previous employer/title: Hotel Lenoir, Apprentice Time employed: Two years
Previous employer/title: Picard Seafood, Intern Time employed: Three months
Resume: 0 Attached
Reference list: 0 Attached
Cover letter:
I am very interested in the position of line cook at the Delphine Street Grill. For the
past six months, I have been the line cook for a cafe serving traditional Cajun meals.
Since the cafe has only recently been opened, I am responsible for preparing nearly
all menu items. I completed my apprenticeship at the famous Hotel Lenoir, working
side-by-side with Celebrity Chef Eugenie Mirone. In addition, as Ted Overbeck
(my mentor and instructor at Boudreau Community College) can confirm, I am able
to develop creative new recipes. In fact, while at the college, I was awarded the
Excellence in Innovation Prize for a Vietnamese-style sandwich recipe I crafted,
which is now on the menu at the college's cafeteria.
(SUBMIT APPLICATION)

BouDREAU CoMMUNITY CoLLEGE
School of Culinary Arts

Marie Beaumont
Delphine Street Grill
3248 Delphine Street
New Orleans, LA 70117
Dear Ms. Beaumont:
I am writing in regard to Anton Hoang's application for employment. Since Mr. Overbeck
is on leave this semester, he asked me to respond in his place. Mr. Hoang, who graduated
in the top five of his class, demonstrated exceptional culinary skill and a strong desire to
learn. He received a glowing review from Sabine Riou, the renowned chef who supervised
his three-month internship. I am confident Mr. Hoang will be a valuable asset to your
establishment.
Sincerely,
Lf3 rbrt?s
Liz Flores
Associate Director of Culinary Arts

196. What is indicated about the line cook
position?
(A) It is a two-year contract.

199. What is suggested about Boudreau
Community College?
(A) It gives out culinary awards.
-

(B) It requires working the late-night shift.
(C) It includes supervising the apprentices.
(D) It involves preparing a limited variety of

(B) It offers free cooking workshops.
(C) It needs a new chef for its cafeteria .
(D) It invites celebrity chefs as guest

dishes.

197. What is true about Mr. Hoang?
(A) He is applying to work at several
restaurants.
(B) He meets the requirements of the
position.
(C) He has appeared on television with
Ms. Mirone.
(D) He taught at a culinary school in
Vietnam.
198. Who is Mr. Overbeck?
(A) An executive chef
(B) An associate director
(C) A culinary teacher
(D) A restaurant owner

speakers.

200. Where does Ms. Riou most likely work?
(A) At the River Ferry Cafe
(B) At Hotel Lenoir
(C) At Picard Seafood
(D) At the Delphine Street Grill

Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go

back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.

TEST 1 47

I

='II- TEST

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PARTS
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

101. Ms. Carpenter will be attending the 105. Ashburn Bank's online service has been in
conference with ------- marketing team. high demand -------.
(A) she (A) lateness
(B) her (B) later
(C) hers (C) lately
(D) herself (D) latest
102. ------- the last ten years, Bay City's 106. The------- of videos to electronic press
population has grown by about 27 percent. releases can help companies showcase
(A) As their products.
(B) Against (A) content
(C) During (B) addition
(D) Below (C) pictures
(D) promotion

103. Please congratulate Alan Schmit, ------- of
the Leadership Award in Nursing at Knoll 107. Ms. Hyun is reviewing the training manual
Hospital. to see if updates -------.
(A) won (A) have need
(B) wins (B) needing
(C) winning (C) are needed
(D) winner (D) to be needed
104. Ireland's largest software producer will 108. When leaving the auditorium, please exit
------- be opening a large facility in Cork. ------- the doors on the lower level.
(A) soon (A) except
(B) such (B) inside
(C) ever (C) without
(D) like (D) through

50

109. The judges for this year's screenplay
competition include ------- from Hanovi
Studios.
(A) represents
(B) representatives
(C) represented
(D) represent
110. I have attached my resume detailing my
------- experience in the hotel industry.
(A) extensive
(B) punctual
(C) prospective
(D) accepted
111. Remember to check the spelling of
Mr. Kamashi's name when ------- the
document.
(A) revising
(B) revises
(C) revised
(D) revise
11 2. Residents visited City Hall to ask -------
developers will preserve the historic
properties.
(A) although
(B) since
(C) whether
(D) both
113. The Ford Group's proposed advertising
campaign is by far the most ------- we have
seen so far.
(A) innovate
(B) innovative
(C) innovations
(D) innovatively
114. Solei Landscaping announced that the
design for the Cherry Hill building complex
is ------- complete.
(A) almost
(B) nearby
(C) anytime
(D) yet

115.

116.

117.

118.

119.

120.
Daniel Nishida, the chief supply officer,
asked that ------- be given full responsibility
for approving all invoices.
(A) he
(B) him
(C) his
(D) himself
In preparation for Mr. Kumar's retirement at
the end of March, the Carolex Corporation
will need to ------- a new facilities director.
(A) resume
(B) compete
(C) recruit
(D) conduct
The team's contributions to the Ripton
Group's marketing plan were very -------
acknowledged.
(A) favor
(B) favorably
(C) favorable
(D) favored
------- receiving the engineering award,
Ms. Kwon made a point of thanking
longtime mentors.
(A) Onto
(B) Unlike
(C) About
(D) Upon
Please read the list of ------- qualifications to
ensure that you have the necessary
education and experience for the position.
(A) slight
(B) equal
(C) obliged
(D) essential
Choosing the best software tool to eliminate
computer viruses is rarely simple, ------- it is
. important to seek expert advice.
(A) why
(B) then
(C) nor
(D) so

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 2 51

121. Ms. Delgado would like to meet with all loan
officers ------- reviewing any more loan
applications.
(A) now that
(B) as though
(C) before
(D) often
122. Cedar Branch Hill has a ------- as a
business-friendly environment that provides
efficient licensing and other legal processes.
(A) prediction
(B) courtesy
(C) reputation
(D) statement
123. The actors held an additional rehearsal
------- perfect their performance in the final
scene.
(A) considerably
(B) in order to
(C) nevertheless
(D) as a result of
124. RZT Technology will double the size of its
Toronto laboratory to -------the
organization's rapid growth.
(A) assign
(B) investigate
(C) experience
(D) accommodate
125. Even though Smithton Electronics' second
quarter was not -------, the company plans
to invest large sums on research.
(A) profitable
(B) profiting
(C) profitability
(D) profitably

52

126. The Williamsport Hotel is an ideal venue for
the conference because of its ------- to the
airport.
(A) achievement
(B) proximity
(C) competence
(D) exception
127. The second training session is for
employees ------- responsibilities include
processing payroll forms.
(A) whose
(B) which
(C) what
(D) who
128. ------- poorly the high-speed printer may be
functioning, it is still making copies that are
adequate for our purposes.
(A) Rather
(B) Seldom
(C) However
(D) Thoroughly
129. The long-awaited Weka 2XG digital camera
will finally be ------- at a product exhibition
on August 16.
(A) reduced
(B) unveiled
(C) consulted
(D) resolved
130. Northeast Community Finance ------- an
online system in order to shorten service
lines at branch locations.
(A) has implemented
(B) to be implementing
(C) to have been implementing
(D) is implemented

PART6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 131-134 refer to the following advertisement.

Garden Shade Tree Landscaping
Garden Shade creates tree landscapes and hedges to suit every garden, no matter the size. Our
designs have -
1
-
3
-:r small urban gardens as well as large-scale projects commissioned by
architects and property developers. ------- . However, no single nursery can offer trees of all

132.

species and sizes. That is why Garden Shade has developed close relationships with many
specialist growers 33~ to provide us with the trees we need. Such resources give us the variety
necessary to complete any ------- . In other words, whatever your landscape design dream, we can

134.

make it happen.

131. (A) transformed
(B) related
(C) collected
(D) planted
132. (A) We are here to answer your
landscaping questions.
(B) For most projects, we use trees from
our own nurseries.
(C) Some trees have specific growing
requirements.
(D) Under normal conditions, nursery stock
is guaranteed for one year.

133. (A) readiness
(B) readies
(C) readiest
(D) ready
134. (A) study
(B) form
(C) order
(D) survey

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 53

I

Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.

To: Staff
From: Amy Henwith
Date: 15 January
Subject: Exciting news
Dear Staff,
Thanks for a great year! In case you haven't heard, Henwith Home Supply will be -------our second

135.
store this spring. This additional retail site will be located in the shopping centre at the corner of
Aberton Parkway and Sutton Avenue in Derbyshire.
We will be accepting applications for cashiers and sales positions -
1
-iG.- 1 April. The personnel
director will review applicants' qualifications from 2 April to 6 April, and ------- is scheduled to

137.

begin one week later. -
1
-
38: .

Best,
Amy Henwith, CEO
Henwith Home Supply

135. (A) moving
(B) renovating
(C) expanding
(D) opening
136. (A) until
(B) following
(C) according to
(D) for
137. (A) trainer
(B) training
(C) train
(D) trained

54

138. (A) Feel free to share this news with any

interested friends.
(B) Make sure you have received all of the
material.
(C) Contact Henwith Home Supply if you are
still waiting for a response.
(D) Access to the main entrance will be
blocked by construction.

Questions 139-142 refer to the following article.

Amon Donates to Music School in Grenel City
A spokesperson for Brenda Amon ------- that the pianist made a sizeable donation toward the

139.

expansion of the Grenel City Conservatory of Music. "Without her generous support," said
Marc Diaz, director of facility planning, "we would have been limited in our renovation plans going
forward."

--1
-
4
--
0
-- . Now, a new wing will be constructed on the south end of the ------- conservatory. Once . 141.
completed, the building will boast a 700-seat auditorium, state-of-the-art recording studios, and
new faculty and administrative offices. Additionally, private practice rooms will be located
-
1
-
42_- the current student lounge.

139. (A) confirm
(B) confirmation
(C) has confirmed
(D) will confirm
140. (A) Ms. Amon's performance at the
conservatory was outstanding.
(B) The project had been delayed
because of budget cuts.
(C) Student enrollment has decreased
over the past few years.
(D) The original conservatory is being
converted into student housing.

141. (A) temporary
(B) existing
(C) corrected
(D) proposed
142. (A) adjacent to
(B) even though
(C) instead of
(D) as well as

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 55

Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.

Date: 11 January
To: Mitchell Parker <mparker@allmail.co.za>
From: Inez Lofaro <ilofaro@daqtex.co.za>
Subject: Product recall
Dear Mr. Parker,
Thank you for your recent -
1
-
43: of the Daqtex Mini-V camera. We are contacting everyone who
has recently bought this product to inform them that certain models are being recalled for repair.
In these models, the electronic chip that enables the digital conversion of light is faulty.
--
1
-
4
--
4
-- . Please -------whether your camera has this problem by checking the serial number on the . 145.
bottom of the camera. If it ends with the letters TVX, a repair will be required. Daqtex will pay all
shipping costs for sending your Mini-V back to us. In addition, we will repair ------- free of charge. 146.
Thank you,
Inez Lofaro, Customer Service Manager
Daqtex Industries

143. (A) purchase
(B) review
(C) gift

145. (A) verification
(B) verified
(C) verify

(D) demonstration
144. (A) We hope you will enjoy the product for

many years to come.

56
(B) It is covered in the troubleshooting
section of the manual.
(C) This defect will eventually interfere with
the clarity of your images.
(D) This special feature is unavailable on
some older models.

(D) verifies
146. (A) mine
(B) it
(C) theirs
(D) these

PART7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.

Fastest Fleet

RATE OUR SERVICES AND WIN FREE TRAVEL!

Visit our Web site at www.fastestfleet.com/feedback and fill out the
5-minute questionnaire. You could win one of 10 FREE round-trip bus
trips to any destination within the continental United States!
You must be 18 or older to participate. Only customers who have
previously traveled with Fastest Fleet are eligible to enter.

147. Where would the notice likely be seen?
(A) In an airport

148. What are customers asked to do?
(A) Provide feedback

(B) In a bus station
(C) In a train station
(D) In a ferry terminal

(B) Buy a round-trip ticket
(C) Take advantage of a discount
(D) Join a customer loyalty program

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 57

Questions 149-150 refer to the following online chat discussion.
~@ - Cl X
... Daniel Mather (9:38 A.M.) ..,.....
Hi Sue, are you working at home today?
Susan Maldini (9:39 A.M.)
No, but I'm at an off-site meeting. What's up?
Daniel Mather (9:41 A.M.)
The manager asked me to make hard copies of some contract agreements
for our records. I forgot my printer card at home. Could I borrow yours?
Susan Maldini (9:42 A.M.)
Sure thing. It's in the business card holder on my desk.
Daniel Mather (9:55 A.M.)
Okay, done. Thank you! I put it back on your desk.

~
...
@® •••

149. What task was Mr. Mather given?
(A) To send out contracts

150. At 9:42A.M., what does Ms. Maldini most
likely mean when she writes "Sure thing"?

58
(B) To repair the photocopier
(C) To monitor employee attendance
(D) To make copies of some documents

(A) She can lend Mr. Mather her card.
(B) She will return to the office.
(C) She will contact the manager.
(D) She can copy the agreements.

Questions 151-152 refer to the following memo.

MEMO
To: Westhauser Laboratories Staff
From: Area manager
Date: March 22
Re: Break-time beverages
Beginning immediately, staff members are asked to contribute toward the
cost of hot beverages available in our kitchenette. For each cup of coffee or
tea you pour for yourself, we are requesting that you leave fifty cents.
Please note that this amount is still far less than what you would pay at
the cafe next to our building.
Each time you prepare a beverage, just place your payment in the marked
can on the counter next to the sink. As in the past, a variety of
high-quality tea and coffee supplies will be made available, and products
will be restocked monthly. Your understanding is appreciated so that
everyone can continue to enjoy conveniently located hot beverages
throughout the workday.

151. What is the purpose of the memo?
(A) To explain a new policy
(B) To discourage long breaks
(C) To provide a budget update
(D) To address staff complaints

152. What are staff members asked to do?
(A) Bring their own beverages to work
(B) Leave payments in a container
(C) Submit requests for supplies
(D) Keep the kitchenette tidy

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 59

I

Questions 153-155 refer to the following notice.
"';" (•' fe) r"
• '- ~

Attention Milwaukee Modern Art Museum Visitors
The Meacham Room is closed temporarily as we prepare the space for the
Modern Artist Showcase, which will run from Aprill to June 30.
We encourage you to return to experience this much-anticipated exhibit
that will feature paintings, sculpture, and multimedia works by
acclaimed international artists such as Sally Acosta, Frank Kember,
Kimberly Hong, and Matilda Breeland. Of note is newcomer Theodore
Carmody's sculpture collection that was dubbed "most exciting debut
of the decade" by Ethan Lerner, renowned and respected critic of the
Ireland Arts Chronicle. More information about the featured artists
and the exhibit can be found at www.milwaukeemodernart.org. Or
download our museum app to keep current with all upcoming events.
~
I'-' _(•.) ~ , .) 1....:.1

153. What is indicated about the museum?
(A) It is promoting an upcoming exhibit on
its Web site.
(B) It is known for its sculpture exhibits.
(C) It will be closed for renovations in April.
(D) Its upcoming exhibit is free for museum
members.
154. Who is Ms. Breeland?
(A) Ajournalist

60
(B) An artist
(C) A museum curator
(D) An art critic

155. Who was praised by Mr. Lerner?
(A) Ms. Acosta
(B) Mr. Kember
(C) Ms. Hong
(D) Mr. Carmody

Questions 156-157 refer to the following form.

Change of Work Order

General Contractor:
Howard Kleiber Mercrest Construction
106 Pickens Way. Columbus. OH 43211
Property Owner: Oscar Copeland. 866 Andell Road. Columbus. OH 43215
Project Start Date: July 10
Project End Date: July 15
The contractor is hereby instructed to make the following changes to the contract
documents:
Description of Work Added/Deleted:
Client will now be supplying the countertops and faucet in addition to the
kitchen cabinets. Therefore. the total project cost will be adjusted to
only include the cost of installation.
Original Contract Price: $ 3 .496
Net Reduction from Previous Contract: -$2.412
Total Project Cost with Approved Changes: $1.084
Revised Payment Schedule:
15c:to of total project cost ($162) is due upfront to secure contractor.
$222 is due on project start date. and the remainder ($700) is due upon
project completion.
Accepted by:
Contractor: H.owMJ. ~
Property Owner: Oscar Ct?&lan.J
I

156. Why has the price of a project been
adjusted?
(A) The client is providing all the materials.
(B) The client wants to match a
competitor's price.
(C) The contractor installed countertops
incorrectly.
(D) The contractor overestimated the cost
of labor.

157. How much money will Mr. Copeland most
likely give Mr. Kleiber on July 15 ?
(A) $162
(B) $222
(C) $700
(D) $1,084

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 2 61

Questions 158-160 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Dahlia Pawar <dpawar@bronsonco.ca>
[From: Anna Bondell <abondell@noaaa.com> -::-.
Subject: Information
Date: August 25
Dear Ms. Pawar:
Thank you for your continued membership in the North American Architects Association.
I'm writing to remind you that preregistration for the annual conference closes on
September 15. - [1] - . This year's conference features more than 100 sessions, an
exhibit hall, and special workshops. - [2] - .
Preregistration will save you $30 off the regular registration fee. - [3] -. At the same
time, you'll be able to sign up in advance for a group tour of the city and for the VIP
Banquet, which always fills up quickly. Visit our Web site to register online. - [4] - . If
you prefer to register by telephone, contact us at 1-249-555-0177. Please have your
membership number available.
Looking forward to seeing you in Mexico City!
Sincerely,
Anna Bondell
Membership Coordinator •
158. What most likely is Ms. Pawar's occupation?
(A) Architect

160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best

belong? (B) Writer
(C) Travel agent
(D) Conference organizer
159. What is NOT a benefit of conference
preregistration?

62
(A) A tour of Mexico City
(B) A hotel room upgrade
(C) Admission to a dinner
(D) Reduced registration fees

"You will also find the complete conference
program there."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

Questions 161-164 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Eile Meet Now Iools .t!elp L] X
[lJ c;!W I p -
Kurt Webber (4:30P.M.)
Jake and I are grabbing a bite to eat after work, around 5:30. Anyone care to join us?
Davi Avril (4:31P.M.)
Maybe. I still have some work to do on the midyear report. Where are you planning to go?
Kurt Webber (4:32P.M.)
We're thinking of trying the new Mexican place on Slate Road. It's called Ocho Coronas.
Tim Foxx (4:33P.M.)
You're out of luck. That place closed a few days ago.
Kurt Webber (4:34P.M.)
That's too bad. I heard great things about it.
Tim Foxx (4:36P.M.)
How about Lotus Tacos around the corner? They always have a special menu on Fridays.
Kurt Webber (4:37P.M.)
That would be great. Do you want to go to Lotus Tacos, Jake?
Davi Avril (4:38P.M.)
OK, but I won't be able to get there till about six.
Jake Rivas (4:39P.M.)
Sounds good to me. And Davi, I just sent you the updated figures for the report.

161. What are the writers discussing?
(A) Where to hold a company banquet
(B) What restaurant serves the best food
(C) What is on the menu at Ocho Coronas
(D) Where to go for dinner
162. What information does Mr. Foxx provide
about Ocho Coronas?
(A) People have recommended it to him.
(B) It usually opens early on Fridays.
(C) The food there is not very authentic.
(D) It is no longer in business.

163. At 4:34P.M., why most likely does
Mr. Webber write, "That's too bad"?
(A) He wanted to try a new restaurant.
(B) Mr. Foxx cannot complete a project.
(C) Slate Road is too far away.
(D) He has a scheduling conflict.
164. What does Mr. Avril decide to do?
(A) Research nearby restaurants
(B) Work extra hours tomorrow
(C) Join his coworkers for a meal
(D) Have food delivered to the office

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 63

Questions 165-167 refer to the following letter.

Multinational Voice Magazine
PO Box 17999
Greenlane
Auckland 1546
Tuata Wehi
16 Page Street
Wellington 6023
Dear Mr. Wehi,
On 25 March, your three-month trial subscription to Multinational Voice Magazine
will expire. To continue to receive this vital news resource, please fill out the
postage-paid renewal card included with this letter and mail it in before the end of
this month. You may select from a three-month, six-month, one-year, or two-year
subscription. Do note that our two-year offer is by far the most economical. Also,
the one- and two-year options include the "Notable People of the Year" special
edition.
Thank you once again for choosing Multinational Voice Magazine. We continually
strive to provide the best commentary on global affairs from a New Zealand
perspective. To provide your feedback, please visit www.mvmagazine.co.nz and fill
out our online comment form.
Sincerely,
Estelle Pearson, Customer Service Representative

165. Why was the letter sent to Mr. Wehi?
(A) To report a late payment

167. What is one thing that Mr. Wehi is
encouraged to do?

(B) To offer him a refund
(C) To promote a new service
(D) To remind him to resubscribe
166. For about how long has Mr. Wehi been
receiving Multinational Voice Magazine?
(A) For three months
(B) For six months
(C) For one year
(D) For two years

64

(A) Call Ms. Pearson directly
(B) Offer his opinion
(C) Attend an event
(D) Confirm his address

Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
fl *E-mail* I=
From: info@morganaiq2ortshuttle.com
To: tgrant@tivimail.com
Subject: re: Suitcase on board
Date: January 19
Dear Mr. Grant,
Thanks for your inquiry. There are a number of suitcases in our storeroom that match
the description you provided, but we have not found one bearing a name tag identifying
you as the owner. You will need to come over and find yours on-site at 620 Baker St.
Please note that you will be asked to indicate what time your bus left the airport
terminal or, better yet, to present your ticket if you still have it.
We are open 6 A.M.-10 P.M. every day. Please do not delay. Due to the large number of
items found by our drivers, we have no choice but to limit storage time to 7 days only,
after which we dispose of the item.
Regards,
Gina Steiner
Morgan Airport Shuttle

168. Where does Ms. Steiner work?
(A) At a transportation service
(B) At an insurance company
(C) At a car rental company
(D) At a travel agency

170. What information will Mr. Grant be asked to
provide?

169. What did Mr. Grant most likely inquire
about?
(A) Reservation options
(B) Luggage limitations
(C) Travel expenses
(D) Lost property

(A) His address
(B) His phone number
(C) His departure time
(D) His final destination
171. What is Mr. Grant advised to do?
(A) Take advantage of a discount
(B) Compare payment options
(C) Visit the office as soon as possible
(D) Print out an electronic ticket

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 65

Questions 172-175 refer to the following article.

66
Spectacular Bridge Created with

Super Cranes

By Marcia Brunon
March 14
Five years ago, the town of Stonewell,
situated at the foot of the Marshall
Mountains, decided to finance the building
of a bridge across the Stonewell River. It was
planned as a much-needed northern route for
the town. - [1] - . The efficiency of the
project was directly attributable to two
RWC451 cranes, manufactured by
Ronsonworks, a company based in England.
The two identical tower cranes were
owned by the construction firm Redding
Builders. One crane was assembled at the
south bank of the river, while the other one
was placed on a concrete pylon in the center
of the Stonewell River. - [2] -. The
assembly of the second crane was
particularly challenging, as it required the
use of another crane on a floating barge.
"Any large project is going to require

unforeseen adjustments that may disrupt an
official construction schedule," said Roger
Lee, chief engineer of Redding Builders.
- [3] - . In this case, the metal anchors that
connected the bridge to the pylons were
determined to be too small. The new anchors
weighed 22 tons, which is within the safe
lifting capacity of an RWC451 crane.
- [4] - . Engineers reinforced the existing
cranes for extra security, and the cranes
performed well.
Today, this postcard-worthy bridge is the
pride of Stonewell, featuring viewing
platforms for pedestrians, hikers, and
visitors at the base of each pier overlooking
the mountainous valley. Construction
materials and colors harmonize beautifully
with the local environment. All design
elements, including the piers, viewing
platforms, and railings, complement the
natural landscape, making the bridge a hit
with everyone from hikers to the truck
drivers who now include it in their regular
route.

172. What is mentioned about the cranes?
(A) They are owned by Ronsonworks.
(B) They were designed specifically for the
Stonewell Bridge project.
(C) They were assembled on the Stonewell
Bridge construction site.
(D) They weigh more than 22 tons.
173. What is indicated by Mr. Lee?
(A) His professional specialty is bridge
construction.
(B) He believes that projects like the
Stonewell Bridge always present
problems.
(C) He delayed the Stonewell Bridge
project for budgetary reasons.
(D) His first project as a chief engineer was
the Stonewell Bridge.

17 4. What is NOT suggested about the
Stonewell Bridge?
(A) It provides a northward exit out of town.
(B) It was designed for both pedestrians
and vehicles.
(C) It was designed to blend with the
natural setting.
(D) It required more workers than first
estimated.

175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The project, which was expected to take
four years, was completed in less than
three."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 67

I

Questions 176-180 refer to the following memo and schedule.

68

To:
From:
Subject:

Absalom and Twigg Law Firm employees
Shawna Montgomery, Office Manager
March plans
Sent: February 12
Attachment: Schedule
As most of you are aware, our schedule will be a bit challenging during
the first week in March. Various rooms and offices will need to be vacated
for certain periods to allow work crews to repaint, recarpet, and replace
old furniture. Affected employees will need to box up all their office items
by 3 P.M. on the day before their room is scheduled for work (please see
the attached schedule). Two teams of workers will be on-site, so more than
one room at a time will need to be vacated. Note that any rooms due for
work on Monday must be packed up and vacated by Friday afternoon,
February 27.
Boxes will be provided. Leave your boxes in the rooms for the work crews
to remove. Please label them with your name and office number so that
the crews can return them to the correct offices once the work is complete.
Please make arrangements to continue working on your assignments while
the work crews are in your rooms. The conference room (Room 409) will
remain available to be used as a workspace during the entire week.
Another possible option is to request permission from your supervisor to
telecommute for one or two days.
Please have patience with these temporary inconveniences and do not
hesitate to contact me with any questions or concerns.

WORK SCHEDULE- March 2 to March 6
MONDAY, March 2 Room 401 Room 403
TUESDAY, March 3 (Meeting room) (Allie Stevens & Matt Beale)
W EDNESDAY, March 4 Room 402 Room 408
THURSDAY, March 5

(Marlene Asbury & (Meeting room)
Luke Roe)

FRIDAY, March 6 Room 407 Room 404

(Jung Li) (Elliot Hagburg & Ana Keller)

176. Why was the memo sent to employees?
(A) To alert them to upcoming renovations
(B) To announce that the firm will be
relocating
(C) To request feedback about new
workplace facilities
(D) To address their complaints about
building maintenance
177. What are employees instructed to do?
(A) Report for work early
(B) Schedule a meeting with a manager
(C) Indicate which office supplies are theirs
(D) Update their contact information online
178. What is stated about Room 409 ?
(A) It will be available for videoconferencing.
(B) Employees may gather there for work.
(C) A scheduling meeting will be held there.
(D) Its furniture will be removed temporarily.

179. When should Ms. Asbury be ready to
vacate her office?
(A) On February 12
(B) On February 27
(C) On March 3
(D) On March 4
180. What is suggested about Mr. Hagburg?
(A) He shares an office with a colleague.
(B) He will work off-site on March 5.
(C) He is the head of a department.
(D) He requested the use of a conference
room.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 2 69

Questions 181-185 refer to the following flyer and form.

70
[ivrou Farm
Fresh Organic Produce-From Our Farm to Your Home
Livrou Farm in Bromont, Quebec, invites you to participate in its community-supported agriculture
program. Members enjoy fresh farm produce during our growing season from June to November.
Sign up for a farm share and receive these benefits:
• More than 30 varieties of in-season vegetables, fruits, and herbs, harvested by our farm staff and
prepared for you to pick up at our barn
• A selection of pick-your-own strawberries, apples, and other fruits
• Access to our member Web site with recipes, farm updates, and a farm newsletter
• Discounts on events at the farm, such as the annual summer music festival. Events typically cost
$15, but members pay $10.
Members pick up their shares once a week at the farm. A full-size share is $700 per season, and a
half-size share is $350. Half-size shareholders receive half the amount of produce each week. All
other benefits remain the same.
Our farm produce is grown without the use of pesticides or herbicides, and we use only naturally
occutTing fertilizers. For more information or to register for a membership, please see our Web site
at www.livroufarm.ca.

~ ~ [ · http://www.livroufarm. ca I"'

[ivrou Farm 0

_j Membership I Home I Locations I Reviews I ....
f"""""'

Name: Julien Bernard
Address: 78 Dorion Street , Bromont , QC J2L 2K7
First choice pick-up day: Thursday 00 Friday 0 Saturday 0 Sunday 0
Second choice pick-up day: Thursday 0 Friday 00 Saturday 0 Sunday 0
Size of share: Full 0 Half 00
NOTE: Pick-up is between 3 P.M. and 6 P.M.
Please provide the names of other individuals in your household. These are the only other
individuals who wi ll be permitted to pick up your weekly share.
Names: Margaux Bernard, Laurent Bernard
Click HERE to enter payment information on the next page. I-,
"'

181. What is the purpose of the flyer?
(A) To invite people to a farm festival
(B) To promote community service
opportunities
(C) To share recipes for healthy eating
(D) To advertise a farm program
182. What is suggested about the workers at
Livrou Farm?
(A) They collect farm produce from June to
November.
(B) They update the farm's Web site once a
week.
(C) They create meals using the farm's
products.
(D) They sell farm products at several local
markets.
183. What is NOT indicated about Livrou Farm?
(A) It publishes a newsletter.
(B) It uses natural fertilizers.
(C) It hosts musical performances.
(D) It offers cooking classes.

184. What is true about Mr. Bernard's
membership?
(A) He must pick up his produce on
Sundays.
(B) He is the only person allowed to pick up
his farm share.
(C) He will be allowed to pick some of his
own fruit.
(D) He will be able to plant and grow his
own vegetables.
185. How much should Mr. Bernard pay for the
membership?
(A) $10
(B) $15
(C) $350
(D) $700

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 71

Questions 186-190 refer to the following advertisements and e-mail.

72
[ http://www.communitylinkforum.org/burlingtonvermont J
Professional Seeking Apartment in Burlington
Jorge Janssen <jjanssen@blitzer.com>
Topic: Real Estate and Housing
Date: June 23
I accepted a new position in Burlington and need to relocate near the downtown area
before my start date on August 15. I'm seeking a simple, clean, one-bedroom rental or
larger, depending on price. A relaxing location with outdoor seating for entertaining
friends or family would be a plus. I do have a car, but I'd appreciate having good access
to public transportation. I have a budget of around $1,400 monthly to cover all housing
costs, including utilities.

[ http://www.communitylinkforum.org/burlingtonvermont
Apartment for Rent in Burlington
Eloise McMahon <mcmahonrental@ hmail.com>
Topic: Real Estate and Housing
Date: June 23
Be the first to rent this two-bedroom apartment upon completion of extensive
renovations. This property is anticipated to be move-in ready on August 1. It will
feature a clean modern look, new floors throughout, and all-new appliances. The
apartment is situated downtown, and students are welcome as it's less than ten minutes
by bus to Denton University. On-street parking is available with a decal from the City
Transportation Office. Cats or small dogs are potentially permitted, but with conditions,
so please inquire. $1 ,400 rent also pays for water, sewer, garbage pickups, and general
upkeep of the property. Electricity and natural gas will be the responsibility of the
tenant. A one-time security deposit equal to one month's rent should be paid upon
signing the rental agreement.

...
t--

-
~

...
r-

~ r[Jb: II Eloise McMahon <mcmahonrental@ hmail.com>
llfThm: II Jorge Janssen <jjanssen@blitzer.com>
W: = II Arartment
I[Q'Bte: -~ II June 24
Dear Ms. McMahon, ... r--
I noticed your rental listing on communitylinkforum.org. From the description it sounds as
I if it may be just what I've been looking for. I'm eager to look over the apartment, and I
just happen to be in Burlington all this week. My last day in town will be Sunday,
June 30. If the place suits me, I'd want to move in the same day that it's expected to be
available. The timing would be perfect! I hope to hear from you soon. I
Thank you.
Jorge Janssen
(802) 555-0122

186. Why is Mr. Janssen relocating?
(A) To begin a new job
(B) To return to his hometown
(C) To study part-time
(D) To start his retirement
187. What aspect of the property does NOT
match Mr. Janssen's preferences?
(A) The location
(B) The monthly costs
(C) The parking availability
(D) The size
188. For what situation does Ms. McMahon
mention that she will need additional
information?
(A) When changes to the decor are
preferred
(B) When a tenant is ready to pay a
security deposit
(C) When repairs to the apartment are
needed
(D) When someone wants to keep an
indoor pet

l

--,
...

189. Why does Mr. Janssen send the e-mail?
(A) To agree to the terms of a rental
contract
(B) To change the details of a residential
advertisement
(C) To ask about a feature of an apartment
(D) To make arrangements to view a
property
190. When does Mr. Janssen wish to start living
in the residence?
(A) On June 24
(B) On June 30
(C) On August 1
(D) On August 15

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 73

Questions 191-195 refer to the following product description, customer review, and online response.

74

Kitchenware Utopia Food Processor-Model C3
You will never need to buy another food processor! Our best-selling model,
the C3, is made of high-quality plastic and easy-to-clean stainless steel.
FEATURES The unique blade design and powerful motor
make this a professional-grade appliance, ideal for busy
restaurants of any size.
WARRANTY We include a seven-year warranty on all parts
and labor- a reassurance to you that our food processor
will last a long time.
Special purchase price: $319.00/KU Club Members: $299.00

www.kitchenwareutopia.com/C3/reviews/454
Rating: *****
Review: This product is amazing! I work as a caterer, and I've used a lot of
different food processors. Kitchenware Utopia's C3 is by far the best I've found.
Its motor is very powerful, and the many different blades and settings make it
extremely versatile. The settings are also straightforward. It's expensive but well
worth the investment, and since I'm a loyalty club member, the price was
reasonabl e. My only complaint would be that it's very heavy and therefore not
as portable as I'd hoped. Overall, though, I'm exceptionally satisfied with this
product.
Posted by Eli Perles on March 27

.... We are very glad to hear you are happy with our C3 food processor. Customer satisfaction -
is our number one priority. We would like to respond to your complaint and provide a
suggestion regarding your concerns. Our C2 processor might be better suited to your
professional needs. The C2 offers the same motor size as the C3, but it is much smaller
than the C3 in general. However, this model does cost slightly more than the C3. You can
view the product description by visiting www.kitchenwareutopia.com/C2.
Posted by Kitchenware Utopia Customer Service on March 28 1-
,.

191. What is NOT mentioned in the product
description as a feature of the C3 food
processor?
(A) It is very durable.
(B) It is suitable for commercial kitchens.
(C) It is larger than competitors' food
processors.
(D) It is a popular model.
192. What is indicated in the customer review?
(A) The C3 comes with detailed
instructions.
(B) Mr. Perles is pleased with his purchase.
(C) Kitchenware Utopia's customer service
. is very good.
(D) Users find the C3 difficult to clean.
193. What is suggested about Mr. Perles?
(A) He paid $299 for the food processor.
(B) He purchased some optional parts for
the processor.
(C) He catered a large-scale event on
March 27.
(D) He has never used a food processor
before.

194. Why would the C2 processor likely be
recommended as more suitable for
Mr. Perles?
(A) It is inexpensive.
(B) It is dishwasher safe.
(C) It is easy to assemble.
(D) It is lightweight.
195. In the online response, the word "regarding"
in paragraph 1, line 3, is closest in meaning
to
(A) looking after
(B) about
(C) in comparison
(D) admiring

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 2 75

Questions 196-200 refer to the following article, schedule, and news update.

76
Ment Hall to Host Piasek Cup Final
Ment Hall, which is currently undergoing
extensive renovation, will be ready to
host the final game of the Piasek Cup
Volleyball Championship to be held in
Warsaw this June. Although the project
has been in the works for some time, it
was the opportunity to host this
championship that provided the economic
incentive to push the project to its
completion. City officials have confirmed
that the construction is progressing
according to schedule and will be
complete well before the finals of the
championship.

Since Ment Hall is the only major arena
in the country that has never hosted a
Piasek Cup event, the hall's owners were
proud to have been chosen to host this
year's finale . The final game will
inaugurate the refurbished hall. The event
is expected to draw thousands of
volleyball fans, and the organizers are
confident that Ment Hall will live up to
the occasion. Seating 19,000 spectators,
Ment Hall will be double its previous
size.

Piasek Cup Volleyball Championship

Quarterfinal Games
Venezuela-Australia Poland-France Brazil-USA Cuba-Egypt
10 June, 3:00P.M. 10 June, 6:00P.M. 11 June, 3:00P.M. 11 June, 6:00P.M.
Loave Arena, Timpani Hall, Polana Center, Mistrz Arena,
Bydgoszcz Katowice Cracow Wroclaw
Semifinal Games
Winners of 10 June games Winners of 11 June games
13 June, 3:00 P.M. Timpani Hall, Katowice 13 June, 3:00P.M. Polana Center, Cracow
Final Game

NOTE:
Ment
16 June
Hall
,
Tick
6:00P.M
, Warsaw
ets for
.
the final game are selling fast, so don't wait until

~

admission
after the se
.
mifinal
No refunds
games
.
to order. Reserved seating only, no general

~

News Update

HALLAX RADIO 108.3 FM
Sports-Volleyball, 10 June
At 3:00 P.M., Venezuela will take on Australia
for qualification to the semifinals. Our guest
announcer will be Vin Cote, retired coach of
last year's winning team from Canada.
At 6:00 P.M., host team Poland will face off
against France. The game will be cove!·ed live
by Jeremy Bosko.

196. In the article, the word "draw" in paragraph
2, line 7, is closest in meaning to

199. In the schedule, what are people advised to
do?

(A) promote
(B) attract
(C) sketch
(D) remove
197. What will be changed about Ment Hall?
(A) Its ownership
(B) Its ticket prices
(C) Its seating capacity
(D) Its location
198. When will the first game be held at a new
host venue?
(A) On June 10
(B) On June 13
(C) On June 14
(D) On June 16

(A) Request a refund for tickets that they
do not plan to use
(B) Order tickets immediately after the
semifinal games
(C) Buy tickets for the final game as soon
as possible
(D) Arrive at the final game early
200. Where will Mr. Cote be reporting from?
(A) Bydgoszcz
(B) Katowice
(C) Cracow
(D) Wroclaw

Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go

back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.

TEST 2 77

, , ,.,. ·~ '.:,~<t~rf'r.:'{:?~·f?'":l->~:~:-4~~ ... }' .... ;l7~1J'1""'·:
' ' .

='II: TEST

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PARTS
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

101. York Development Corporation marked the
------- of the Ford Road office complex with
a ribbon-cutting ceremony.
(A) opens
(B) opening
(C) opened
(D) openly
102. Staff at the Bismarck Hotel were -------
helpful to us during our stay.
(A) quite
(B) enough
(C) far
(D) early
103. Ms. Luo will explain some possible
consequences of the ------- merger with the
Wilson-Peek Corporation.
(A) proposed
(B) proposal
(C) proposition
(D) proposing
104. The Springdale supermarket survey -------
will be released a week after they are
evaluated.
(A) events
(B) stores
(C) results
(D) coupons

80

1 05. The new printer operates more ------- than
the previous model did.
(A) quickest
(B) quickness
(C) quick
(D) quickly
106. Here at Vanguard Buying Club, ------- help
members find quality merchandise at the
lowest possible prices.
(A) us
(B) our
(C) we
(D) ourselves
107. Management announced that all
salespeople would be receiving a bonus
this year, ------- in time for summer
vacations.
(A) just
(B) as
(C) only
(D) by
108. According to Florida Digital Designer
Magazine, many graphic designers do not
consider ------- to be traditional artists.
(A) it
(B) their
(C) themselves
(D) itself

109. A wooden bridge crossing the wading pond 11 5. Of all the truck models available today, it
------- to the hotel's nine-hole golf course. can be difficult to figure out ------- would
(A) prepares best suit your company's needs.
(B) leads (A) when
(C) presents (B) why
(D) takes (C) which
(D) where

110. A special sale on stationery ------- on the
Write Things Web site yesterday. 116. CEO Yoshiro Kasai has expressed
(A) was announced complete faith in Fairway Maritime's ------- I (B) announced to deliver the product on time.
(C) was announcing (A) belief
(D) to announce (B) measure
(C) problem
111. All produce transported by Gocargo (D) ability
Trucking is refrigerated ------- upon pickup
to prevent spoilage. 117. At Derwin Securities, trainees alternate
(A) lately ------- attending information sessions and
(B) promptly working closely with assigned mentors.
(C) potentially (A) along
(D) clearly (B) against
(C) between
11 2. The Ferrera Museum plans to exhibit a (D) near
collection of Lucia Almeida's most
------- sculptures. 118. Company Vice President Astrid Barretto
(A) innovative had no ------- to being considered for the
(B) innovation position of CEO.
(C) innovatively (A) objected
(D) innovate (B) objecting
(C) objects
11 3. The bank's cashier windows are open daily (D) objection
from 8:00A.M. to 4:00 P.M . ------- on
Sundays. 11 9. Belinda McKay fans who are ------- to the
(A) except author's formal writing style will be
(B) until surprised by her latest biography.
(C) nor (A) fortunate
(D) yet (B) readable
(C) comparable
11 4. Inventory control and warehousing (D) accustomed
strategies ------- within the responsibilities of
the supply chain manager. 120. The Southeast Asia Business Convention
(A) have will feature ------- known and respected
(B) cover leaders from countries across the region.
(C) mark (A) widen
(D) fall (B) wider
(C) widely
(D) wide

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 81

121. ------- the high cost of fuel, customers are 126. The initial feedback from early buyers of the
buying smaller, more efficient cars. Sunbell XC2 mobile phone indicates that
(A) Together with they found it------- to use.
(B) Instead of (A) conveniences
(C) As well as (B) conveniently
(D) Because of (C) convenience
(D) convenient

122. Over the past ten years, Bellworth Medical
Clinic ------- Atlan Protection officers for all 127. ------- space in the bathroom was limited,
security needs. the contractor managed to fit in two sinks
(A) is hiring and a shower.
(B) were hiring (A) Both
(C) has hired (B) So that
(D) was hired (C) Whether
(D) Even though

123. The driver will make three ------- to deliver
the package before it is returned to our 128. The staff must ------- as much
warehouse. market-research data as possible before
(A) attempts planning the advertising campaign.
(B) pursuits (A) equip
(C) aims (B) compile
(D) experiences (C) endorse
(D) compose

124. We congratulate all Riverside employees,
whose ------- effort has resulted in a 20 129. ------- a national holiday falls on a Thursday,
percent reduction in waste disposal costs. the Barstow Company allows employees to
(A) collect take off Friday as well.
(B) collective (A) Even
(C) collects (B) For
(D) collector (C) Nearly
(D) Whenever

125. Andrzej Ptak's photography Web site will be
available online -------we have finished 130. ------- materials for the advanced Farsi
organizing and cataloging his work. course include an audio CD and a DVD.
(A) how (A) Supplementary
(B) once (B) Consequential
(C) so too (C) Persistent
(D) not only (D) Cooperative

82

PART6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 131-134 refer to the following article.
(3 September)-Five years ago, Brian Trang signed a five-year lease to open his restaurant,
Trang's Bistro, at 30 Luray Place. Mr. Trang admits that the first two years of operation were quite
-
1
-
3
:r . "We offer spicy food from Vietnam's central region," he explains. "We didn't do well at first
-
1
-
32: the cuisine is based on unfamiliar herbs and hot flavors. It took a while to catch on with
customers." But Mr. Trang was confident the food would gain in popularity, and he was correct.
--1
-
3
--
3
-- . Mr. Trang has just signed another five-year lease, and he is planning ------- the space . 134.
next year.

131. (A) competitive
(B) potential
(C) challenging
(D) rewarding
132. (A) because
(B) unless
(C) despite
(D) besides
133. (A) Originally from Hue, Mr. Trang moved to
London at age five with his family.
(B) Reservations at Trang's Bistro must now
be made a week in advance.
(C) This situation was not expected to last so
long.
(D) The restaurant will relocate in March.

134. (A) renovate
(B) being renovated
(C) renovates
(D) to renovate

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 83

Questions 135-138 refer to the following excerpt from a manual.

This manual provides guidelines for inventory control at Malanta facilities. Our advanced
manufacturing procedures depend on ------- inventory control. Only by maintaining a precise flow

135.

of inventory -·----- minimize costs and ensure prompt shipments. To achieve this goal, we must

136.

avoid shortages. When stock is in the correct location at the time it is ordered, shipments are
made at regular shipping costs and within estimated time frames . -
1
-
37
_-. Therefore, the

procedures in this manual must always be faithfully ------- . 138.

135. (A) accurate 138. (A) implemented
(B) reproduced
(C) corrected

(B) seasonal
(C) expensive
(D) industrialized
136. (A) is able to
(B) to be able
(C) our ability to
(D) are we able to
137. (A) We have calculated the costs for you.
(B) Please allow at least two weeks for
delivery.

84
(C) Unfortunately, some items are
currently not in stock.
(D) However, this is not possible when
unexpected shortages occur.

(D) recorded

Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.

To: Alan Porto <aporto@silverwing.ky>
From: Tuchman's Billing <billing@tuchmans.ky>
Subject: Autopay
Date: 19 February
Dear Mr. Porto:
Congratulations on your recent ------- in Tuchman's Autopay system. Thank you for signing up for

139.

this convenient billing system. Your automatic payments will begin with the next billing cycle on
1 March. ------- . Your statements will come to you electronically and your payment will be
140.
deducted from your designated bank account. You may ------- the account from which the funds

141.

are withdrawn. Simply log in to the My Account section on our Web site https://www.tuchmans.ky,
select Autopay, and follow the instructions to enter the alternate account information. Please
contact customer service if you have ------- using Tuchman's Autopay. 142.
Tuchman's Billing Department

139. (A) enroll
(B) enrolled
(C) enrolls
(D) enrollment
140. (A) Our billing clerks are happy to serve you.
(B) You will no longer receive a bill by post.
(C) We appreciate our loyal customers.
(D) Take advantage of our special offers.

141. (A) own
(B) settle
(C) open
(D) change
142. (A) any difficulties
(B) more difficult
(C) the difficulty
(D) too difficult

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 85

Questions 143-146 refer to the following letter.

12 December
Lenny Howe
222 Easton Boulevard
Port Douglas QLD 4877
Dear Mr. Howe,
The Irwin Neighbourhood Association is proud to ------- a summer event called Park Fest, to be

143.

held at Fern Park on 10 January, from 1 P.M. to 8 P.M. Park Fest will feature numerous
family-friendly activities and a delicious picnic dinner to be served at 6 P.M. A per person fee of
ten dollars will be collected. The proceeds will------- go towards a park enhancement project. 144.
The plan is to hire a contractor to landscape the park grounds, while a smaller portion will be
spent on an advertising campaign. This event------- to be great fun. ------- . 145. 146.
Regards,
Faye Mason-Jones
Director, Irwin Neighbourhood Association

143. (A) announce
(B) admit
(C) recall
(D) state
144. (A) entirely
(B) often
(C) primarily
(D) together
145. (A) promise
(B) promises
(C) promising
(D) promised

86

146. (A) You can help by disposing of all

rubbish.
(B) The park was established 75 years
ago.
(C) We hope you will be able to attend.
(D) Fern Park attracts over 20,000 visitors
a year.

PART7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 147-148 refer to the following form.

Lastico Employee Badge
Application Form

To receive a new Lastico employee badge, please fill out the following form.
Write in pen only. Please PRINT clearly.
Name LAURA CONSTANTIN! Division CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Employee No. 2-'37 8 Employed at Lastico since FEB 10
My previous badge 0 expired D was lost D was damaged
(Leave blank if you are applying for the first time)
Submitted AUGr 2- Signed Col(.rtalfttir/

148. What instructions are included?
(A) Where to send the form
(B) How to complete the form

147. Why did Ms. Constantini fill out the form?
(A) To authorize a charge to her credit card
(B) To be assigned to a new company
division
(C) To request a document renewal
(D) To report lost equipment

(C) When to submit the application
(D) What documentation to attach

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 87

Questions 149-150 refer to the following advertisement.
********
VACANCY

The Golden Lagoon has been serving Montego Bay for 18 years. We are an
award-winning restaurant with a reputation that spans the Caribbean. Currently we
have vacancies for the position of waitstaff. Duties include taking customers' orders,
serving food and beverages, preparing itemized bills, and accepting payments.
Experience is preferred but not required. We offer an excellent hourly rate and
flexible work schedule. Apply in person, supplying a resume and three employment
references.

The Golden Lagoon
Shahine Kincaid, Manager
135 Concertina Dr.
Montego Bay, Jamaica

Business hours: Monday- Friday, 11:00 A.M.-11 :00 P.M.
Saturday and Sunday, noon-1 0:00P.M.
********

149. What is stated about The Golden Lagoon?
(A) It is closed on Sundays.

150. What is mentioned about job applicants?
(A) They will be working on a fixed
schedule.

88
(B) It regularly has positions available.
(C) It has been in business for over a
decade.
(D) It was bought by Ms. Kincaid eighteen
years ago.

(B) They must go to the restaurant to file
their job request.
(C) They must have worked in a restaurant
before.
(D) They will learn how to cook Jamaican
dishes.

Questions 151 -152 refer to the following e-mail.

--

t:l. -. *E-mail* -- -- - --- F
To: I Staff I
From: I Asta Lindstrom I
Subject: I Reminder I
Date: I 11 April
To All Staff:
This is a reminder that the water in the Tolliver building will be temporarily shut off
tomorrow at 8 a.m. while repairs are completed. I understand that most employees who
work in the building will be off-site at a software training session and will not be
affected.
For those of you who will be working in Tolliver tomorrow, the Hillcrest Water
Department has assured me that the water will be off for no more than four hours. We
will provide complimentary bottled water in the lobby for all staff during this time. The
cafeteria will remain closed until the water has been turned on again. At that point meal
service and food sales will resume. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Sincerely,
Asta Lindstrom
Facilities Manager

151. What will happen tomorrow?
(A) New computers will arrive.

152. What will employees NOT be able to do in
the Tolliver building in the morning?

(B) Maintenance work will be done.
(C) A new employment policy will take
effect.
(D) The location of a training session will
be announced.

(A) Use new software
(B) Drink bottled water
(C) Purchase food items
(D) Walk through the lobby

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 89

Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain .

•••
Nicole Fernandez [12:23 P.M.]
Tad, this is just to let you know I'll be
in Amherst next Monday.
Tad Yates
What's going on?

[12:25 P.M.]

Nicole Fernandez [12:26 P.M.]
Our Amherst office requested a training
session. Their instructor has to take
an unexpected trip, and they need a
substitute.
Tad Yates [12:26 P.M.]
Did you manage to book a flight?
Nicole Fernandez [12:27 P.M.]
Not on such short notice. I'll drive.
Tad Yates [12:28 P.M.]
OK, good luck!

153. What will Ms. Fernandez do next Monday?
(A) Teach a training course

154. At 12:27 P.M., what does Ms. Fernandez
mean when she writes, "Not on such short

notice"? (B) Meet an instructor
(C) Go on a vacation
(D) Apply for a job

90

(A) She will not arrive on time.
(B) She will not travel by plane.
(C) She cannot accept an invitation.
(D) She cannot make a payment.

Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
"lTo: I Jake Taera <jtaera@tritmail.com> -- =- I ,,From: Natalie Satter <nsatter@coldings.com>
11
Subject: I Information
Date: I 30 Seetember
ILAttachment: I @ Coldingsl
Dear Mr. Taera: w
Welcome to the Coldings Home Store family! You have been hired as a sales associate.
Your training session begins on 8 October at 8:30 A.M. at the Auckland store, 42 Crossbill
Road. Please report to Human Resources to begin your orientation as a Coldings Home
Store team member. During your first two weeks with our company, you will learn about
our team approach and the many benefits of working at Coldings Home Store. You will be
working from 8:30 A.M. to 5:00 P.M . After training, you might be assigned to a different
work shift and you will be eligible for benefits including flexible days off, sick days, and
our employee discount.
Please sign and return the attached document indicating your willingness to accept the
position as sales associate. Please let me know if you have any questions or need
directions. I look forward to seeing you at the Auckland store on 8 October.
Sincerely,
Natalie Satter
Human Resources Coordinator ~

155. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To thank an employee

157. What did Ms. Satter send with the e-mail?
(A) A store map

(B) To provide job information
(C) To explain a new policy
(D) To announce a special sales event
156. According to Ms. Satter, what might happen
after two weeks?
(A) Mr. Taera's work schedule might
change.
(B) Mr. Taera's might be transferred to
another location.
(C) The company might train Mr. Taera for
a new responsibility.
(D) The company might mail Mr. Taera new
benefits information.

(B) An events calendar
(C) A list of benefits
(D) An employment agreement

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 91

Questions 158-160 refer to the following press release.

For immediate release Contact: Desmond Hawkes, Office of Public Relations
Telephone: (02) 5555 6506
E-mail: dhawkes@carlisle.org.au

New Exhibition at Sydney's
Carlisle Art Museum

SYDNEY (3 June)- The Carlisle Art Museum's latest exhibition, Deep Waters,
will open on 15 June. The exhibition will feature 38 realist and abstract paintings
portraying the beauty and vastness of the world's oceans. All the works were created
by Australian artists based in Sydney, and among them will be six by the critically
acclaimed oil painter Harold Bernstein.
The exhibition will run until 15 July. Tickets are $10. Museum visitors may view the
exhibition between 9 A.M. and 4 P.M. on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, and
between 2 P.M. and 9 P.M. on Fridays and Saturdays. On each day of the exhibition,
at least one of the artists will be present and available to answer visitors' questions
about the creative process. Mr. Bernstein will be available on 30 June only.
On 23 July, the exhibition will open at the Muriel Art Gallery in Melbourne, where
ocean-themed paintings from Melbourne artists will be added to the collection.

158. What is one purpose of the press release?
(A) To advertise an upcoming art show
(B) To publicize paintings available for
purchase

160. What is implied about the exhibition in
Melbourne?
(A) It will be open to the public in the
evenings only.

(C) To profile an art gallery owner
(D) To announce the opening of a new
museum
159. Who is Mr. Bernstein?
(A) An art critic

92
(B) A museum director
(C) A public relations specialist
(D) An artist

(B) It will include more paintings than the
exhibition in Sydney will.
(C) It will feature demonstrations of painting
techniques by artists.
(D) It will include paintings of landscapes in
addition to paintings of oceans.

Questions 161-163 refer to the following e-mail.
:::j_ *E-mail* ~
From: I evaluation @crawfordds.com I
To: I trosinsky@ mailssen.com I
Subject: I Crawford Design Contest I
Date: I April 2
Dear Ms. Rosinsky,
Thank you for entering the Crawford Design Studio Awards Contest. Today we received
your project titled "Old Rexto Factory Restoration," including a total of nine
photographs and an 18-page description file. - [1] -. Your submission has been
forwarded for further processing and has been assigned the entry number P1298.
-[2]-.
Your project will now be reviewed by a panel of judges, which consists of our in-house
experts as well as outside designers. - [3] -. You will be able to check on the status
of your entry via the "Submissions Being Processed" link in our Web site's Main Menu.
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call us. - [4] -.
Kind regards,
Crawford Design Studio

161. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To report missing documents
(B) To inquire about building costs
(C) To confirm receipt of materials

163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?

(D) To request additional photographs
162. What is Ms. Rosinsky advised to do online?
(A) Read the contest rules
(B) Obtain a map and directions
(C) Update her contact information
(D) Track the progress of her submission

"Please use it when you contact us
regarding your entry."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 3 93

I

Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
May 5-Boston law firm Warner and Ames
announced this morning that it is merging
with the Philadelphia law firm Hamilton
Jones to create Warner, Hamilton, and
Associates. With more than 655 attorneys,
the merger will make this the largest law
firm in the northeastern United States.

"This is a welcome merger of two well-
managed firms who share similar corporate

cultures and philosophies," said Andrea
Warner, codirector of the former Warner and
Ames, who will serve as managing partner
of Warner, Hamilton, and Associates. "Our
combined expertise makes Warner,
Hamilton, and Associates uniquely placed to

164. Why was the article written?
(A) To profile the career of a prominent
lawyer
(B) To promote legal services
(C) To discuss the joining of two firms
(D) To announce a firm's relocation
165. What does Warner, Hamilton, and
Associates plan to do?

94
(A) Hire additional lawyers
(B) Expand to a third city
(C) Change its leadership
(D) Close its Philadelphia office

provide clients even higher levels of counsel
and service. We look forward to continuing
our practices in Boston and Philadelphia and
expect to open yet another office in Hartford
within the next twelve months."
According to a press release, Ms. Warner
has garnered attention through her
representation of clients across the country
in prominent cases involving workers'
rights, equal pay, and social justice.
The firm expects to keep all of its current
lawyers and staff and will "combine
management teams made up of partners
from each firm to ensure a seamless
transition," the release said.

166. What is suggested about Ms. Warner?
(A) She is based in Hartford.
(B) She plans to retire soon.
(C) She sometimes offers free legal
counsel.
(D) She is well-known nationally.
167. The word "seamless" in paragraph 4, line 4,
is closest in meaning to
(A) in a single piece
(B) without problems
(C) in close range
(D) without hurry

Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
To: II maria bellandini @pweb.net I
From: II thomas. mclaren@ delicatessenmag. com I
Date: II Tuesday, October 2 I
Subject: II Food PhotograEh~ Article I
Dear Ms. Bellandini: ~
I have some news regarding your article that is scheduled to be published in the next issue
of Delicatessen Magazine . - [ l] - . Yesterday, we learned that a major advertiser
canceled their contract with us, and as a result, we will have to reduce the number of
pages in our upcoming issue. This is extremely unfortunate, but we just do not have
enough money without these ads to publish the magazine in its current format. - [2] - .
We know that readers have enjoyed reading about your experiences in Italy. - [3] -.
While your eight-page story about working as a food photographer is excellent, in order to
fit in the slimmer issue, it will need to be cut by about thirty percent. Although I sincerely
hope you agree to having your article published in our upcoming issue, I will understand
if you would rather have the article published in full at a later time. However, I have to let
you know that the magazine industry is not always the most stable business, and for this
reason , I do not know if there will be space for your story in the future. - [4] - .
Please let me know as soon as possible what you would like to do. Should you agree to
edit the story, I will need the new version by Monday.
Best regards,
Thomas McLaren, Editor-in-Chief 1;1

168. What is implied about Delicatessen
Magazine?
(A) It plans to merge with another
magazine.

171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?

(B) It gives discounted subscriptions to
staff.
(C) It relies on advertisements for funding.
(D) It offers long-term contracts to writers.
169. How would Ms. Bellandini most likely revise
her article?
(A) By making it shorter
(B) By changing the topic
(C) By adding more information
(D) By including more images of food
170. What does Mr. Mclaren NOT suggest to
Ms. Bellandini?
(A) Her previous articles were well liked.
(B) She should submit her article to
another magazine.
(C) Her article might not be published in full
at a later date.
(D) She should notify him of her decision.

"Of course, this is your choice, and I will
respect whatever decision you make."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 95

Questions 172-175 refer to the following text-message chain.

• ••

96

172. What is suggested about the company
Ms. Chichester works for?
(A) It currently has no large-sized shirts in
stock.
(B) It has filled an order for Mr. Gerew
before.
(C) It offers discounts on large orders.
(D) It is open every evening.
173. Why is Mr. Gerew ordering new shirts?
(A) Additional staff members have been
hired.
(B) More were sold than had been
anticipated.
(C) The company's logo has been changed.
(D) The style currently in use has become
outdated.

174. At 1:38 P.M., what does Mr. Gerew mean
when he writes, "I guess it can't be helped"?
(A) He will pay a $75 rush-order fee.
(B) He will ask his assistant to help him.
(C) He will meet Ms. Chichester at 1 :00 P.M.
(D) He will select the standard production
option.
175. What will Mr. Gerew likely do next?
(A) Provide payment information to
Ms. Chichester
(B) Schedule a meeting with Ms. Chichester
(C) Send an e-mail to Ms. Chichester
(D) Fix Ms. Chichester's computer

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 3 97

I

Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and notice.

98
To:
From:
Date:

E-Mail Message
staffmailinglist@ col tonmedical. org
Melvin Myers <mmyers@coltonmedical.org>
June 10

Subject: Parking area reassignment
Dear Colleagues:
I just want to remind everyone that crews will begin construction on the new Colton
Medical Nutrition Center on June 18.
Effective June 15, parking areas F and G will be closed until August 20, when
construction is expected to be completed. Staff currently assigned to park in areas F and
G will be given temporary "guest" parking stickers and must park in the guest-parking
garage. The Property Maintenance Office will place stickers in staff mailboxes by 4 P.M.
today. The sticker should be displayed on the driver's side window of the vehicle.
A construction access road will be created by closing the entrance and exit roads to
parking areas F and G. This will also block access to the security building and the
pond. However, a temporary alternative entranceway to those locations will be created.
To help eliminate excessive traffic, please visit those places only when absolutely
necessary. Take note that the Information Center at the main entrance will remain open
during construction.
Please e-mail me directly with any questions regarding parking stickers.
Sincerely,
Melvin Myers
Property Maintenance

,
III II

WELCOME TO COLTON MEDICAL CAMPUS INFORMATION CENTER

PLEASE CHECK IN BEFORE PROCEEDING

ATTENTION STAFF:

PARKING AREAS F & G CLOSED UNTIL SEPTEMBER 10
Staff members who normally use these areas and who have not yet
received a temporary parking sticker should request one at the security
station . A valid access card and staff I.D. are required.
Cars will be immediately towed away if parked next to pedestrian areas,
including all walkways, temporary rest areas, and construction tents.
Owners of cars parked in the garage without a sticker di splayed on the
window will be fined $25 per day.
"- Security officers are available to ass ist you.

'i E

176. Why are parking areas being closed?
(A) They are being resurfaced.
(B) They are being reserved for guests.
(C) An outdoor event will be held on them.
(D) A construction project is scheduled to
begin.
177. According to the e-mail, who will receive a
temporary parking sticker?
(A) Anyone who is visiting the medical
campus
(B) Anyone who usually parks in areas
F and G
(C) Anyone who usually parks in the
parking garage
(D) Anyone who requests one from the
maintenance office
178. Why should staff members limit their visits
to the security building?
(A) So that visitors can enjoy the pond
(B) So that fewer cars will be in the area
(C) So that security staff can monitor traffic
(D) So that visitors can get to the
Information Center

179. What changed after the e-mail was sent on
June 10?
(A) Which parking areas are being closed
(B) Where staff should park their vehicles
(C) Where parking stickers should be
displayed
(D) How long some parking areas will be
closed

180. According to the notice, why might a staff
member's car be towed?
(A) If it is parked near a walkway
(B) If it is parked in the visitors' area
(C) If it does not display a parking sticker
(D) If it is parked in the garage after
August 20

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 99

Questions 181-185 refer to the following survey and e-mail.

100

SURVEY

Please take a few minutes to complete this survey about your shopping experience at
Woodruff's. Indicate your answer using the 5-point scale to the right of each statement.
(1 == Strongly Disagree, 2 = Disagree, 3 ==No Opinion, 4 ==Agree, 5 ==Strongly Agree)
The store was clean and organized in appearance. 0 1 0 2 0 3 . 4 0 5
There was a wide selection of items in my size. 1 2 0 3 4 . 5
There were dressing rooms available for me to use. 0 1 0 2 0 3 0 4 . 5
The salespeople were courteous and attentive to me. 1 . 2 3 0 4 0 5
The items were priced well compared to other stores. 0 1 0 2 0 3 0 4 • 5
I am satisfied overall with my experience at Woodruff's. 0 1 0 2 0 3 . 4 0 5
Amount you spent on this purchase: []QQJ
Age (optional): 0 16-25 26-35 . 36-45 0 46-55 56-65 0 66+
Name (optional): I Consuela Torres I E-mail (optional): I catorres81@aumail.co.au

From:
To:
Date:
Subject:
Attachment:

E:_~ai!_tlt1_essage
Customer Service <custserv@woodruff.co.au>
Consuela Torres <catorres81@ aumail.co.au>
Friday, 27 April 2:40 P.M.
Survey
liD Voucher
Dear Ms. Torres:
Thank you for taking the time to complete a survey about your recent experience at
Woodruff's. We appreciate that so many people took the time to provide us with
feedback since it helps us to improve the quality of our service.
We were happy to learn that your overall experience shopping at Woodruff's was a
positive one. However, we were sorry to see that you shared one area of dissatisfaction
with a significant proportion of the customers who responded to the survey. I want you
to know that we are taking the survey results seriously. We plan to improve this area
with training soon.
As an apology for our failure to meet high standards in all areas, I have attached a
voucher for 15% off a future purchase (good for one year) at any of our three
Clarksville locations. We look forward to serving you in the future.
Sincerely,
Marietta Passante
IIIII

....
~
l'
[:
f.i
f:
!, I

I'

~

'i
c.

181. What type of business is Woodruff's?
(A) A computer software company
(B) A clothing store
(C) A mobile-phone service provider
(D) A consulting firm
182. With what statement about Woodruff's
would Ms. Torres most likely agree?
(A) It is located close to her home.
(B) It has a large staff.
(C) It is relatively inexpensive.
(D) It is open later than other businesses.
183. In the e-mail, the word "appreciate" in
paragraph 1, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) increase
(B) order
(C) understand
(D) value

184. What most likely is Woodruff's planning
to do?
(A) Teach its employees to be more friendly
and helpful to customers
(B) Make the workplace cleaner and more
organized
(C) Open an additional location in
Clarksville
(D) Offer a discount voucher to all
customers who complete a survey
185. What is suggested about the survey?
(A) It has been taken by many customers.
(B) It was created by Ms. Passante.
(C) It is accessible on the company Web
site.
(D) It has been in use for one year.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 101

Questions 186-190 refer to the following invoice and e-mails.

McGivern Wholesale
1486 BedenTrail, Brampton ON L6R2K7
905-555-0158 • www.mcgivernwholesale.ca

Ordered By: Deshauna's Creations
Order Date: October 12
Item Item Name Quantity Price Each Amount
14L 3 m table linens, cream 4 $26.00 $104.00
17P 25 em dinner plates, pale blue 40 $4.40 $176.00
188 50 em serving dishes, white 20 $7.95 $159.00
21G 350 ml water goblets, amber 40 $3.25 $130.00
Subtotal $569.00
Tax (HST) $73.97
Shipping $30.00
Total $672.97

Payment is due upon receipt.

~ "'E-mail"' ~
To: I Pete McGivern <pete.mcgivern@mcgivernwholesale.ca>
From: I Deshauna Jacques <deshaunajacques@deshaunascreations.ca>
Subject: I October order
Date: I October 17
Dear Mr. McGivern,
I received my October order, but there were some errors. I received 20 dinner plates
instead of 40, and seven water goblets arrived with cracks in the glass. Have you
switched shipping carriers recently ?
I have been a loyal customer since you opened five years ago, and never before have I
experienced problems with an order. Incidentally, you might like to know that I spoke
this morning with Ed Salek, owner of nearby Salek's Cafe. He mentioned that his last
delivery from you had some mistakes too.
How soon can you fix my order? I have three parties coming up next week, so I need
these items quickly.
Sincerely,
Deshauna Jacques

102

To: I Deshauna Jacques <deshaunajacques @deshaunascreations.ca> I
From: I Pete McGivern <pete.mcgivern @mcgivernwholesale.ca> I
Subject: I Re: October order I
Date: I October 17 I
Dear Ms. Jacques, ~
I was very sorry to learn about your order, and about Mr. Salek's as well; I will extend my
apology to him today. You are a valued customer, and I am embarrassed that you received
such a poor shipment. We are in the middle of moving to a new warehouse, and it has not
gone as smoothly as I had hoped. Regardless, I want to make amends as soon as possible.
I have put in an order to correct the mistakes, and I hope you will accept a 15 percent
discount on your next shipment. Just use code 150 when placing your order.
Please let me know if there is anything else I can do to correct this.
Yours sincerely,
Pete McGivern IYl

186. Why was the first e-mail sent?
(A) To ask for customer feedback
(B) To seek a solution to a problem
(C) To request a refund on an item
(D) To cancel an order for tableware

189. What is NOT indicated about McGivern
Wholesale?

187. What item was received damaged?
(A) 14L
(B) 17P
(C) 188
(D) 21 G
188. In the second e-mail, the word "extend" in
paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) offer
(B) delay
(C) continue
(D) increase

(A) It does business with restaurants.
(B) It is changing the location of a facility.
(C) It has been operating for five years.
(D) It is revising its price list.
190. What will McGivern Wholesale give to
Ms. Jacques?
(A) A rebate on shipping charges
(B) An extra package of table linens
(C) A reduced price on her next order
(D) An updated invoice

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 103

Questions 191-195 refer to the following form, notice, and e-mail.

104
Reddford Construction '\ Date: March 15 .. 450 Matilda Drive Cost Estimate No.: 50190
Lexington, Kentucky 40502
Prepared for: Jenny Choi, 518 Buffalo Springs Road
Prepared by: Gabriel Nunez
Description Amount Cost
Unglazed ceramic floor tiles(@ $2.49/tile) 400 $996.00
Premium bright white grout (@ $32.99/gallon) 5 $164.95
Labor for preparation, installation, and cleanup (@ $35/hour) 16 $560.00
ESTIMATE TOTAL $1,720.95

All estimates are valid for one month unless otherwise specified.

New Lexington City Ordinance

As of March 30, all construction companies must have a building permit
($100 for residential buildings; $300 for commercial buildings) before
beginning a renovation project for each client. To complete an application
for your construction project, contact City Hall at 859-555-0103.

To: I Gabriel Nunez <gnunez@reddfordcon.com>
From: I Jenny Choi <jchoi86@citymail.com>
Date: I Friday, April 2 10:12 A.M.
Subject: I Permits
Dear Mr. Nunez: ~
I'm writing concerning the job in my dining room that I'd like to contract you for. I'd like
work to begin on April 10, but after looking at the estimate you sent me, I have a question
about your calculation of the total cost. Specifically, does your estimate take into account
any permits that would be needed for the job? A colleague told me that there is an
ordinance that went into effect last month requiring building permits for any renovation
project. I really liked the job you did installing carpeting and painting in my living room
last year, and I would prefer to work with a company that I know. However, I am on a
tight budget, so I need to consider the charge for the building permit in the overall cost of
the project. Could you please get back to me at your earliest convenience?
Sincerely,
Jenny Choi [;]

191. On April 10, what work does Ms. Choi want
Mr. Nunez to do for her?

194. In the e-mail, the word "contract" in
paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning to

(A) Deliver furniture
(B) Install tiles
(C) Clean the living room carpets
(D) Paint the dining room walls
192. What will happen after April15?
(A) Ms. Choi's application will be reviewed.
(B) Ms. Choi will receive a final bill.
(C) The new city ordinance will go into
effect.
(D) The cost estimate will become invalid.
193. How much will likely be added to Ms. Choi's
estimate?
(A) $32.99
(B) $35.00
(C) $100.00
(D) $300.00

(A) reduce
(B) retain
(C) collect
(D) purchase
195. What does Ms. Choi indicate about
Reddford Construction?
(A) She has hired them for a job before.
(B) She needs to reschedule an
appointment with them.
(C) She thinks that their prices are too high.
(D) She believes that they bought too many
tiles.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 3 105

Questions 196-200 refer to the following article, e-mail, and text message.

~

106

Cardiff Daily Times
In Brief-20 March
As reported earlier this year, Gold Kettle
Grocery is opening an additional regional
distribution centre in Cardiff. Construction
was postponed for a time because of an
unanticipated problem related to the ground
conditions on the site. However, the problem

has been resolved, and the 40,000-square-
metre centre should be fully operational in

June. The grand opening is planned for the

fourth of June. The warehouse has a special
area with state-of-the-art equipment to store
foods that need to be kept frozen or cool.
The site will also include loading bays and
offices.
The distribution centre is expected to
create more than 400 new jobs, according to
Myles Simler, vice president of operations.
Because of the size and scope of the project,
a variety of jobs will be needed, from
warehouse loaders and drivers to clerical
positions.

*E-mail*
To: Myles Simler <msimler@goldkettle.co.uk>
From: Raadhika Baral <rbaral@ goldkettle.co. uk>
Subject: Information
Date: 26 June
Attachment: @Notification comparison
Dear Myles:
Thanks for giving me a lift to the grand opening earlier this month. I do not believe I
have ever seen such a well-planned event. We should send Ping Chen something to
show him our appreciation for organising it.
Now that the centre in Cardiff has been open for a few weeks, I think we should
consider hiring a company that forwards automatic notifications to employees' mobile
phones. Such a service would allow us to get messages to them quickly and also prevent
mistakes with shipments. I have a contact who has worked in customer service at Calls
For You. I think it's a good company, but Raven Notifications also looks good, and their
rates are lower. I have attached information about both companies to help you decide
which one we might use. Let me know what you think.
Sincerely,
Raadhika Baral

~

•
•
Raven Notifications 11:43A.M .
-
-
-
To Gold Kettle Employees-The frozen-goods shipment scheduled
to arrive on Tuesday will not arrive until Wednesday. Employees
who had volunteered to work additional hours on Tuesday night
- at the Cardiff distribution centre will not be needed. However,
•
•
we will need additional help for the overnight shift on Wednesday
night. If you are interested in working additional hours at that time,
please contact Becca Johnston in Human Resources.

196. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To provide an update on a local project
(B) To discuss state-of-the-art warehouse
equipment
(C) To report on local businesses that plan
to hire more workers
(D) To explain difficulties encountered on a
construction project
197. In the article, the word "scope" in paragraph
2, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) instrument used for viewing
(B) evaluation
(C) time of completion
(D) extent
198. What is most likely true about the Cardiff
distribution center?
(A) It had a problem with food storage.
(B) Its grand opening was successful.
(C) Mr. Simler was recently hired there.
(D) Ms. Baral was unhappy with its service.

199. What company was chosen by Mr. Simler?
(A) The company that Ms. Baral's contact
works for
(B) The company with the most reliable
customer-service representatives
(C) The company that has lower rates than
a competitor
(D) The company with an overnight call
center

200. What does the text message ask
employees who want additional work to do?
(A) Arrive on Tuesday night
(B) Contact the personnel office
(C) Reply to the message with the hours
they can work
(D) Go to a different distribution center

Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go

back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.

TEST 3 107

I

)-

71-l TEST

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PARTS
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best an~wer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

101. The regional manager will arrive tomorrow, 105. Please submit each reimbursement request
so please ensure that all ------- documents ------- according to its category, as outlined
are ready. in last month's memo.
(A) she (A) separately
(B) her (B) separateness
(C) hers (C) separates
(D) herself (D) separate
102. The historic Waldridge Building was 106. Customers can wait in the reception area
constructed nearly 200 years -------. ------- our mechanics complete the car
(A) away repairs.
(B) enough (A) whether
(C) ago (B) except
(D) still (C) while
(D) during

103. Consumers ------- enthusiastically to the
new colors developed by Sanwell Paint. 107. No one without a pass will be granted -------
(A) responding to the conference.
(B) response (A) admission
(C) responsively (B) is admitting
(D) responded (C) admitted
(D) to admit

104. The ------- files contain your employment
contract and information about our company. 108. To receive an electronic reminder when
(A) directed payment is due, set up an online account
(B) attached ------- Albright Bank.
(C) interested (A) of
(D) connected (B) about
(C) over
(D) with

110

109. The registration fee is ------- refundable up 115. Survey ------- analyze the layout of a land
to two weeks prior to the conference date. area above and below ground level.
(A) fullest (A) technicians
(B) fuller (B) technically
(C) fully (C) technical
(D) full (D) technicality
110. All identifying information has been ------- 116. ------- assemble your Gessen product, first
from this letter of complaint so that it can be read all instructions and gather all required
used for training purposes. tools.
(A) produced (A) For the purpose of
(B) extended (B) To be sure
(C) removed (C) In order to
(D) resolved (D) For example
I 111. ------- this time next year, Larkview 117. Online shoppers who experience long waits
Technology will have acquired two for their orders tend ------- the business low
new subsidiaries. ratings.
(A) To (A) have given
(B) By (B) gave
(C) Quite (C) to give
(D) Begin (D) giving
112. Table reservations for ------- greater than 118. ------- of the new Delran train station will
ten must be made at least one day in begin in late September.
advance. (A) Association
(A) plates (B) Construction
(B) meals (C) Violation
(C) sizes (D) Comprehension
(D) parties

119. The computing power of the new laptop is
113. Because of ------- weather conditions, ------- to any desktop computer in the same
tonight's concert in Harbin Park has been price range.
canceled. (A) compare
(A) worsening (B) comparing
(B) worsens (C) comparison
(C) worsen (D) comparable
(D) worst

120. Dr. Yuina Hashimoto recently added
114. Ms. AI-Omani will rely ------- team leaders to another doctor to her practice, -------
develop employee incentive programs. allowing more patients to be seen.
(A) onto (A) that
(B) into (B) thus
(C) within (C) which
(D) upon (D) so that

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 11 1

121. Graden Hotel ------- its superior reputation 126. This free mobile app provides -------
thanks to the leadership of its president, calendar updates, so salespeople will never
Marcia Clemente. miss an appointment.
(A) practiced (A) casual
(B) treated (B) equal
(C) heard (C) continual
(D) earned (D) eventual
122. Aki Katsuro's latest novel is his most 127. Most senior managers approved the
exciting ------- and is sure to make Radin architect's proposal for the office layout,
Books' best-seller list. although ------- expressed concerns about
(A) just the cost.
(B) later (A) one
(C) yet (B) one another
(D) very (C) each other
(D) other

123. Thanks ------- to pastry chef Ana Villagra,
Lauducci's Restaurant has become 128. Greenville Library has hired an office
a favorite with local patrons. assistant not only to perform general office
(A) largely duties ------- to support an ongoing special
(B) larger project.
(C) large (A) but also
(D) largest (B) only if
(C) other than
124. At Crintack Manufacturing, we acknowledge (D) as for
our ------- to provide a safe workplace for
our employees. 129. The lease with The Pawlicki Group ------- if
(A) assumption modifications to the existing offices are
(B) valuation made.
(C) perception (A) had continued
(D) obligation (B) will be continued
(C) was continuing
125. ------- Mr. Donovan had expected the charity (D) has been continuing
event to be a success, the response from
the community still overwhelmed him. 130. Wrazen Associates ------- a summary with a
(A) Whenever list of recommendations as a routine part of
(B) Although any audit.
(C) Even so (A) realizes
(D) In spite of (B) induces
(C) causes
(D) issues

11 2

PART6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 131 -134 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Facilities Department
To: All Staff
Subject: AC issues
Date: 4 February
Please be advised that an equipment contractor, Torrono Sheet Metal, is scheduled to start work
on the chiller enclosure at the rear of the building tomorrow morning. The contractor will be
installing a steel cover to ------- protect the inner workings of our heating and cooling equipment. 131.
Expect to see technicians entering and leaving the building repeatedly, carting large machine parts
and tools. There will be some noise associated with this project, and we ask for your patience.
-
1
-
32: , you should probably look for on-street parking. The contractor's vans -
1
-
33: much of the

driveway. -
1
-
34.- .

Jorge Carreras, Facilities Director

131. (A) better
(B) quicker
(C) sooner
(D) harder
132. (A) As a result
(B) Also
(C) Nevertheless
(D) However
133. (A) are blocking
(B) will block
(C) had blocked
(D) block

134. (A) Send us your suggestions for a new
facility.
(B) I am writing to let you know about a
maintenance issue.
(C) Rather, they were not my first choice for
this contract.
(D) The work is expected to be completed by
2:00P.M.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 4 113

Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.

To: Melina Ramos Sandoval
From: welcome@sourcework.ca
Date: 25 October
Subject: Registration complete
Dear Ms. Sandoval,
Welcome to the Source Work jobs network, the leading online career matching service. Your
e-mail address, work experience, and preferences -
1
-
35: in our database. This information will be
used to identify employers who are seeking job candidates just like ------- . In the future, you will

136.
receive periodic notifications about open positions in your area.
-1-37": . Therefore, we will not share your name or address with anyone. At any point, you can
select the link at the bottom of any e-mail you receive from us to unsubscribe or change your
e-mail preferences.
Thank you for -
1
-
38: . If you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact us.

Sincerely,
The Source Work team

135. (A) they record
(B) are recording
(C) that the record
(D) have been recorded
136. (A) us
(B) me
(C) you
(D) ours
137. (A) Privacy is important to us.

114
(B) Finding the perfect job can be difficult.
(C) Our jobs database is updated weekly.
(D) Your resume has recently been
reviewed.

138. (A) investing
(B) attending
(C) competing
(D) registering

Questions 139-142 refer to the following memo.

From: Noora Simola, Vice President of Operations
To: All Employees
Date: February 8
Re: Payroll changes
Beginning on March 15, we will be using a new payroll service that will affect a number of our current
payroll processes. First, weekly payroll checks will be mailed on Thursday instead of Friday.
Direct-deposit payroll payments will also be processed a day ------- . Second, pay stubs for

139.

direct-deposit payments will no longer bee-mailed. Instead, employees will be able to
40~ this information by accessing their payroll accounts online.
Other processes will remain the same. All time cards will continue to be due to the payroll
department by Monday at 6:00P.M. 41 ~ . A complete, updated list of instructions for payroll
procedures ------- to all employees on or before March 1. If you have any questions before then, 142.
please contact Leonti Belousov at ext. 581 0.

139. (A) twice
(B) following
(C) earlier
(D) previously
140. (A) view
(B) correct
(C) reject
(D) enter
141. (A) Please note the change of day and
time.
(B) Most employees begin work at
8:00A.M.
(C) The payroll department is not
operational.
(D) Old time card forms will also still be
valid.

142. (A) will distribute
(B) will be distributed
(C) was distributed
(D) distributing

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 4 115

Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.

Tasty Treat in Kentron
Kentron's own Groovato Gelato was founded in 2010 when Luciano Algieri, an Italian immigrant to
the United States, bought a ------- on Coverby Avenue. The building had previously housed the

143.

Hopscotch Ice Cream Company, and Algieri was able to hire many former Hopscotch employees.
Teaching --144-ice-cream crafters to make gelato proved to be an easy task.
-1"4'5~ his product, Algieri started with an old family recipe. He then enhanced the flavor with
secret ingredients plus unusual combinations of fruits and nuts. 46~ .
There are now three store locations in the Kentron area. Residents are lucky to have this gem!

143. (A) dessert
(B) vehicle
(C) machine
(D) factory
144. (A) experiences
(B) experience
(C) experiencing
(D) experienced
145. (A) To create
(B) Creates

116
(C) Had created
(D) Creation

146. (A) Banana walnut is slightly more expensive.
(B) Some people still prefer Hopscotch ice
cream.
(C) The result is a rich and satisfying mixture
of flavors.
(D) Please try a sample and give us your
feedback.

PART7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.

TASTE! SHARE! WIN! f81t
Here at Sawadee World Bistro, our talented chefs bring the
world to you by serving flavorful specialties from around the
globe. Now with the click of a button, you can share your
dining experience with the world!
Just take a picture of your meal and post it on our Web site.
You will automatically be entered for a chance to win a
$100 gift card.

What are you waiting for?
www.sawadeeworldbistro.com/tastesharewin

147. Where would the notice most likely be
posted?
(A) On the wall of a restaurant
(B) On the back page of a cookbook
(C) On the cover of a photography
magazine
(D) On the door of a kitchen supply store

148. How can readers enter a contest?
(A) By writing a review
(B) By creating a recipe
(C) By making a donation
(D) By submitting a photograph

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 4 117

I

Questions 149-150 refer to the following text-message chain.

• ••

Susan Rollins (10:12 A.M.)
I just looked through your preliminary design
plans for the Miller house on Greenwood Lane.
Everything looks great, especially the kitchen
and main living area. My only concern is the
practicality of the glass sunroom. Glass rooms
often run over budget.
Myles Hart (10:15 A.M.)
The clients insisted I include the sunroom.
They're going to try to find a way to finance it.
Susan Rollins (10:17 A.M.)
We'll need to make sure that's arranged before
we finalize these plans. In the meantime, can
you come up with a new design that leaves off
this addition?
Myles Hart (10:18 A.M.)
Shouldn't be a problem. I'll work on it now. I'd
planned to talk to the Millers later today, so I can
discuss the budget with them then.

149. Where do the writers most likely work?
(A) At a bank

150. At 10:18 A.M., what does Mr. Hart mean
when he writes, "Shouldn't be a problem"?

(B) At a glass factory
(C) At an architectural firm
(D) At a home-furnishings store

118

(A) The project is well within the budget.
(B) He is willing to draft an alternate plan.
(C) He can meet with the Millers later
today.
(D) The Millers have agreed with a
suggestion.

Questions 151-152 refer to the following instructions.

Verita Model JX41Ci- Instructions for Use
• Ensure that the electrical cord is untangled and then plug it into a
nearby wall outlet.
• Choose the appropriate setting (floor, low carpet, high carpet) by
using the dial on top of the machine.
• Turn the machine on by pushing the power button at the base of the
handle. Run slowly and steadily over an area two or three times to
pick up dirt and debris.
• If there is still debris in corners or other hard-to-reach areas, connect
the appropriate attachment and use it on the specified area.

151. What is the purpose of the machine
referred to in the instructions?

152. What are users instructed to do each time
before using the machine?

(A) Preparing food
(B) Heating
(C) Packaging
(D) Cleaning

(A) Connect all of the machine's
attachments
(B) Adjust the machine's controls
(C) Clean every part of the machine
(D) Allow the machine to warm up

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST4 119

I

Questions 153-154 refer to the following text message.

, ~
From: Moria Bayardi 8:45 P.M. 555·0112
To: Steve Takiff
Hi, Steve. My flight was canceled, and the new
one is tomorrow morning. Mr. Zhen's tour of our
facility is also tomorrow morning. Can you show
him around? He wants to see our warehousing
procedures. He will arrive at 1 0:00 A.M., and
then we've planned a lunch for him. The meeting
information and the schedule ore in a file folder
on my desk. Call me if you have any questions.
Thanks!

•

153. Why did Ms. Bayardi send the text to
Mr. Takiff?

154. What does Ms. Bayardi ask Mr. Takiff
to do?

120
(A) To find out when his flight arrives
(B) To ask for directions to the warehouse
(C) To give him an update
(D) To cancel an appointment

(A) Plan a lunch
(B) Give a tour
(C) Reschedule an event
(D) Call Mr. Zhen

Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
1=1 *E-mail* I=
To: I Bo Xiao
From: I David Morisseau
Date: I Ma~ 16
Re: I Order# 3A556
Dear Mr. Xiao,
Thank you very much for your recent purchase from Yippee.com!- [1] -.We are
grateful for your business. We are proud to sell only high-quality products that we
believe in and use ourselves. We also take pride in providing you with the best customer
service possible. - [2] - .
To say thank you for your purchase, we would like to offer you 15% off your next order
as well as free shipping. Visit our Web site at www.yippee.com to place your order.
- [3] -.This offer expires 60 days from the date of this e-mail.
As part of our ongoing efforts to provide the best service available, Yippee.com
routinely asks our customers for their feedback. Therefore, we invite you to visit
www.yippee.com/survey to complete our customer-satisfaction survey. - [4] -.
Thank you again,
David Morisseau
Vice President of Customer Service
Yippee.com

155. What is the main purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To offer a refund

157. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best

belong? (B) To clarify some information
(C) To express appreciation
(D) To advertise a new product
156. What is Mr. Xiao asked to do?
(A) Attend a celebratory event
(B) Evaluate a company's service
(C) Send an e-mai l within 60 days
(D) Visit a new store that is opening soon

"Please use code XB84RD when
completing your order to receive the
discount."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 121

I

Questions 158-160 refer to the following advertisement.

JON CHEUNG'S HOME REPAIR

No job is too small • Licensed and insured • Free estimates

) Laying and removal of carpet, tile, and wood flooring
) Installation of doors and replacement windows
) Construction and repair of decks and porches
) Installation of kitchen countertops and cabinets
) Minor plumbing and electrical work
For high-quality work at affordable prices, call 910-555-0148. If there is no answer, please
leave a message, and someone will contact you by the following day. References available
upon request.

158. What is indicated about Mr. Cheung?
(A) He recently started a business.
(B) His company is hiring.

160. According to the advertisement, what may a
customer ask for?
(A) Tile and carpet samples

(C) His rates are reasonable.
(D) He works part-time.
159. What is NOT mentioned as a task
Mr. Cheung can do?

122
(A) Fixing porches
(B) Painting houses
(C) Replacing floor coverings
(D) Putting in new windows

(B) Recommendations from other clients
(C) Bigger work crews for rush jobs
(D) Discounts for large-scale work

Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Washington State to Introduce Its
Very Own Apple
By Julia Richards for The Agri Monthly
Scientists at Scales University reported last
month that they have completed the
development of the "Shiner Crisp," the first
apple that Washington state farmers will
have trademarked all to themselves.
- [1] -. The first Shiner Crisp is expected
to become available to consumers as early as
next year. - [2] - .
Apple breeders design new apples
especially to better compete with such
traditional apple varieties as Reds and
Juiceys. The development process involves a

161. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To give an opinion on Shiner Crisp
prices
(B) To recruit students for Scales University
(C) To provide a detailed explanation of
price differences in the apple industry
(D) To announce the design of a new apple
162. According to the article, what is true about
Reds and Juiceys?
(A) They are uniquely trademarked to
Washington state.
(B) They are less expensive than
Honey-Sweets.
(C) They have increased their sales
recently.
(D) They were bred by university scientists.

considerable investment of time and money
in repeated taste tests for their new fruits.
- [3] -. Whereas Reds and Juiceys
average $1.29 per pound, new types of
apples (such as the hugely popular Branburs
and Honey-Sweets) are raking in at least
three times as much.
These additions have major long-term
impacts on the market, too. Two decades
ago, Reds and Juiceys comprised over 50
percent of all apple sales; now their sales are
less than 25 percent of the market. It is no
wonder that apple breeders are racing to
come up with the next popular apple!
-[4]-.

163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"In other words, these new types of apples
are designed for big flavor and big profits."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 123

I

Questions 164-167 refer to the following e-mail.
_l_o_: ___ ___.l Theresa Pearle <tpearle@praguequarterly.cz>
_F_r_o_m_:___, _ __.l Marek Koubek <mkoubek@bistrokoubek.cz>
_R_e_: __ =--__.1 Press release
_D_a_t.:.. e.:.. : __ -.~1 15 March
Dear Ms. Pearle,
Per our phone call earlier today, please find the press release for my new restaurant,
Bistro Koubek, below. Thank you again for offering to print it in your magazine. It was
interesting to hear your views on the growing English-speaking community in Prague that
your publication caters to. We hope the restaurant will appeal to Czech citizens as well as
Americans and other foreigners residing in or visiting Prague.
Best regards,
Marek Koubek
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: CZECH-AMERICAN BISTRO OPENING ITS
DOORS
PRAGUE (15 March)- Bistro Koubek, located at V Celnici 437/4, 110 00 Prague 1, will
celebrate its grand opening with a party on Friday, 21 May, beginning at 6:00 P.M.
According to owner and head chef Marek Koubek, the restaurant will feature Cajun-Czech
fusion cooking, combining popular menu items from New Orleans, Louisiana, such as
gumbo and jambalaya, with traditional Czech cuisine.
Complimentary samples and beverages will be available during the grand opening event,
but full meals will not be served. Normal hours of operation are 5:00 P.M. until midnight,
seven days a week, beginning on 22 May. The menu can be viewed at
www.bistrokoubek.cz.
Chef Koubek lived in Prague until age sixteen, when he moved with his family to New
Orleans, where his father opened a restaurant. There, he worked in the kitchen while
studying at the Louisiana Academy of Culinary Arts. After graduating, he was hired as
head chef at Crescent City Eatery, where he earned four major awards for his unique
menus and flair for meal presentation. He is thrilled to return to his childhood home and
share the culinary heritage of two cultures with the city's diners.

164. Why did Mr. Koubek e-mail Ms. Pearle?
(A) To invite her to a party

166. What is indicated about the event on
May 21?

(B) To provide content for an article
(C) To announce the launch of a new Web
site
(D) To request her assistance in editing
some text

165. The phrase "appeal to" in paragraph 1,
line 4, is closest in meaning to

124
(A) attract
(B) join together
(C) benefit
(D) call upon

(A) It will begin at 5:00P.M.
(B) Only a few people have been invited.
(C) All items will be served free of charge.
(D) Patrons must have a ticket to enter.
167. What is NOT stated about Mr. Koubek?
(A) He grew up in Prague.
(B) He has traveled extensively in Europe.
(C) He worked in his father's restaurant.
(D) He has won several cooking prizes.

Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.

Peter Harrer [9:30A.M.] Hi, everyone. I'll make this brief as I know you're all busy reading the

manuscripts for the editorial meeting on Friday.

Cora Grant [9:31 A.M.] Did we change the time for that?
Peter Harrer [9:32A.M.] It's still at 2:00, right?
Meili Shu [9:32A.M.] Yes. At first we talked about having it in the morning, but I have an

appointment at 10:00.

Peter Harrer [9:33A.M.] OK. I'm glad we got that sorted out. I'd like to share Kwang's idea. Kwang,

do you want to explain it?

Kwang Chun [9:35A.M.] Sure. What if we encourage our customers to sign up to receive a newsletter
each month by e-mail? We would include information about our special
promotions or book giveaway contests. We could even have some of our
authors write occasional articles.

Cora Grant [9:36A.M.] Yes, they could give insights into their work or maybe discuss a favorite book.
Meili Shu [9:37A.M.] It's a great idea! This kind of thing is getting more popular in business these

days. And people always like a chance to win free books.

Peter Harrer [9:38A.M.] Well, keep in mind we are a small press with a small budget. Would one of

you like to get this idea off the ground?

Kwang Chun [9:39A.M.] I suppose I should, since I'm proposing it. Maybe Meili would help?
Meili Shu [9:40A.M.] Of course.
Peter Harrer [9:41 A.M.] OK, thanks everyone. See you all on Friday.
+I

168. Who most likely are the participants in the
online chat discussion?
(A) Staff at a marketing firm
(B) Reporters at a local newspaper
(C) Presenters at a conference
(D) Colleagues at a publishing company
169. At 9:33A.M., what does Mr. Harrer mean
when he writes, "we got that sorted out"?
(A) The manuscripts have all been
assigned.
(B) A meeting time has been agreed upon.
(C) An appointment has been canceled.
(D) New work policies have been followed.

170. What project is Mr. Chun taking on?
(A) Developing a newsletter
(B) Revising a budget
(C) Reviewing a book
(D) Writing an advice column
171. What does Ms. Shu agree to do?
(A) Assist a colleague
(B) Change her schedule
(C) Interview an author
(D) Take a business trip

I+
,.!

1--
•

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 125

Questions 172-175 refer to the following document.

126

Haswell Tire Company Maintenance Warranty
At Haswell Tire Company, we know you depend on your tires to take you
where you want to go. That's why we offer a lifetime warranty on tire
maintenance for every tire you purchase from us. It covers tire inspection,
rotation, and repairs free of charge.
Inspection: Our service crew will check the pressure, inflate the tires if
necessary, and let you know when the tread is getting low.
Rotation: It's important to rotate your vehicle's tires periodically. Our team
can perform this service for you in less than half an hour.
Repair: If you have a flat tire, our team will make every effort to repair the
damage. If the tire can't be repaired, we'll offer you 20 percent off the regular
price when you purchase a new tire.
Bring in your vehicle during regular business hours and our friendly service
staff will help you get back on the road quickly. No appointment is necessary.
Just show the receipt from your tire purchase. This wananty covers service
for the life of the tires under the original purchaser and is not transferrable to
other vehicles or owners.
Your satisfaction is our top priority. Unlike our competitors, we do not just
sell tires. During our three decades as a local family-owned business, we have
developed lasting relationships with our customers by providing outstanding
service. Thank you for your business.

172. The word "perform" in paragraph 3, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) entertain
(B) operate
(C) portray
(D) complete
173. According to the document, when will
Haswell Tire Company provide a discount?
(A) When a customer buys a replacement
tire
(B) When service takes longer than half an
hour
(C) When the company holds a special sale
day
(D) When a customer purchases tires for
more than one vehicle

17 4. What must a customer have in order to
receive a service covered by the warranty?
(A) Proof of tire purchase
(B) Documentation of a previous inspection
(C) A copy of the warranty
(D) A scheduled appointment
175. What is suggested about Haswell Tire
Company?
(A) It offers lower prices than other tire
stores.
(B) It emphasizes good customer relations.
(C) It manufactures the tires that it sells.
(D) It is an international corporation.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 127

I

Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and article.

128
To: II Michael Kaelo <mkaelo@ hawthorneclinic. bw>
From: I Sophie Thabado <sthabado@ Gaboronestar. bw>
Date: I 20 February
Subject: I RE: Event
Attachment: I @ Dinner and lunch menu OQtions
Dear Mr. Kaelo,
Thank you for considering the Gaborone Star Hotel for your event. Regarding your
inquiry, we have four ballrooms that accommodate large groups: Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune,
and Venus. They seat 400, 300, 200, and 100 guests respectively.
I've attached some lunch and dinner menu options, but we are happy to work with you
regarding specific requests. We can arrange a sit-down meal or buffet-style service. We
also provide audiovisual equipment for business presentations or celebrations.
Please let me know if you need any additional information.
Sincerely,
Sophie Thabado, Director of Events
Gaborone Times
20 May
Local Happenings
On 15 May, family members, friends, and
colleagues of Dr. Patrick Matambo gathered at
the Gaborone Star Hotel to celebrate his
retirement, which will take effect on 1 June.
For twenty years, Dr. Matambo has been the
director of the Hawthorne Clinic, located near
Hawthorne City University. Among the nearly
180 well-wishers in attendance were also
some former patients who attested to the
honoree's kindness and professionalism.
Dr. Matambo has also been a familiar face at
local charity events, and in particular, he has
helped to raise money for many area schools.
His immediate plans are to take a month-long
vacation on a cruise ship with his wife,
Alicia Matambo.
Although Dr. Matambo is retiring, he will
remain involved with the clinic as a
consultant. A new director has been approved
by the Hawthorne Clinic's board of trustees
and is expected to be announced later this
week.

~

~
...

176. Why did Ms. Thabado send the e-mail?
(A) To promote a new hotel
(B) To offer special hotel discounts
(C) To confirm her attendance at an event
(D) To respond to a request for information
177. What was sent with the e-mail?
(A) Photographs of event ballrooms
(B) Information about meal choices
(C) A list of hotel services
(D) A form for ordering audio equipment
178. In what ballroom was the celebration most
likely held?
(A) Jupiter
(B) Saturn
(C) Neptune
(D) Venus

179. What is NOT mentioned about
Dr. Matambo?
(A) He is planning leisure travel.
(B) He moved to Hawthorne City twenty
years ago.
(C) He was in charge of a medical facility.
(D) He has helped many local schools.
180. According to the article, what does
Dr. Matambo plan to do?
(A) Remain professionally active
(B) Spend more time on hobbies
(C) Teach some classes
(D) Interview his replacement

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 129

Questions 181-185 refer to the following e-mail and schedule.
To: II Vincent Reister <vreister@ hexagonmail.com> I
From: II Florence Zhang <fzhang@zhtours.com.hk> I
Re: II Hong Kong Tour I
Date: II 3 May
Attachment: II tiD Tour Schedule I
Dear Mr. Reister: ~
Thank you for your inquiry about tours with Zhang Hong Kong Tours, Inc. Thank you also
for the complimenf-I am very happy to hear that your business partner, Mr. Brown, was
satisfied with our Creative HK tour last month and that he recommended our services to
you.
We have a number of tours scheduled during your short visit to our city during the week
of 24 May. I gather from your e-mail that you are most interested in viewing historical
landmarks. We have a couple of options that I believe you would especially enjoy. As you
can see from the attached schedule, one of those tours is already fully booked. I suggest
that you book soon if you would like to secure a place on the other tour. I will be more
than happy to reserve a seat for you as soon as you confirm. I look forward to your reply.
Sincerely,
Florence Zhang, Zhang Hong Kong Tours, Inc.

rTl

Zhang Hong Kong Tours, Inc.- May Tour Schedule

*For more information about these and other tours, visit www.zhtours.com.hk*
Date Tour Primary Stops Hours/Duration Price (US$) Availability
25 May HK for Shoppers ../ Mall of Hong Kong 9 A.M.-3 P.M. $45.00 4 spaces left

../Hong Kong Markets (6 hours)

26 May Creative HK ../Film Archive 12 noon-5 P.M. $45.00 3 spaces left

../Gallery of (5 hours)
Modern Art

27 May HK History ../ Lo Pan Temple 10 A.M.- 2 P.M. $45.00 Sold out
(Central District) ../Bishop's House (4 hours)

../Queen's Pier

28 May HK Outdoors ../Kowloon Park 1 P.M.-6 P.M. $35.00 3 spaces left

../Cheung Sha (5 hours)
Beach

30 May HK History ../Tin Hau Temple 10 A.M.- 2 P.M. $50.00 2 spaces left
(Islands District) ../ Yeung Hau Temple (4 hours)

../ Yuk Hui Temple

130

181 . What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To provide a referral
(B) To answer a question about a
company's service
(C) To update an itinerary for a new
customer
(D) To confirm a booking
182. How did Mr. Reister hear about Zhang
Hong Kong Tours?
(A) From a colleague
(B) From a travel agent
(C) From an advertisement
(D) From an Internet search
183. What did Mr. Brown most likely see on his
tour?
(A) Markets
(B) Temples
(C) Paintings
(D) Parks and beaches

184. What is suggested about Mr. Reister?
(A) He is on a limited budget.
(B) He will soon start a business.
(C) He is interested in Chinese cuisine.
(D) He will be in Hong Kong temporarily.
185. According to Ms. Zhang, what tour is most
suitable for Mr. Reister?
(A) HK Outdoors
(B) HK for Shoppers
(C) HK History (Islands District)
(D) HK History (Central District)

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 131

I

Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page and e-mails.

132
( http://www.aeolusovens.com/commercial

From:
To:

Home l r Instructions l r Service l r Reviews l -- ----------~--_.--------~--_.--------~--~
The Aeolus Jetbake 3 Convection Oven
This high-yield commercial oven uses circulated, heated air to cook food
evenly and efficiently.
Features:
• Flexible user-installable options
• Spacious interior-104 em deep
• 5 racks and 11 different positions
• Removable wheels
• Bright internal LED lighting
• Selectable fan modes

II Aldo Castro <aldoc@businessdining.com>
II <customerservice@aeolusovens.com>

Subject: II Tem12erature guestion
Date: II May 1
To Whom It May Concern,
I'd like to share some feedback about the Aeolus Jetbake 3. Our company runs the dining
service for the businesses located in the Red Umbrella Complex in downtown Austin. We
purchased an Aeolus Jetbake 3 last month. This oven is by far the most efficient oven
we've encountered, with its large capacity and rapid cooking times. This is critical, as my
employees prepare meals for a large number of people each day. The lighting is great, so
we can easily see what we're cooking, even with three or more racks in use at once.
However, our croissants-a favorite, but tricky to make-are not turning out right and our
pastry chef can't seem to find the right temperature settings. Also, why are the units on
wheels? They are heavy, and we don't need to move ours around the kitchen, but the
wheels take up space unnecessarily. I am not exactly sure what, if anything, we are doing
incorrectly. Please let me know at your earliest convenience how we can bake more
effectively.
Thank you for your prompt reply,
Aldo Castro

I
I
I

~

~

From: II Iris Martz <imartz@aeolusovens.com> I
To: II Aldo Castro <aldoc@businessdining.com> I
Subject: II Your question I
Date: II Ma)'_ 5
Dear Mr. Castro, w
Thank you for your recent e-mail about the Aeolus Jetbake 3. My guess is that the trouble
you are having is related to the 1.0 control panel that is standard on most of our models.
This is interchangeable with panel 2.0, which allows for finer adjustments and includes a
feature to set the heat-circulating fan to three different modes. I will ship one to you
without charge. Please reply with your shipping address and the serial number of your
oven. It is located on the back, just under the factory inspection certificate.
Thank you for your purchase!
Yours sincerely,
Iris Martz
Customer Care

186. In the first e-mail, the word "critical" in
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) judgmental
(B) important
(C) dangerous
(D) unexpected
187. What feature of the oven listed on the Web
page is NOT referred to in Mr. Castro's
e-mail?
(A) Ability to select fan modes
(B) Spacious interior
(C) Use of multiple racks
(D) Bright internal LED lighting
188. What does Mr. Castro's company do?
(A) Prepare meals for business employees
(B) Design food service equipment
(C) Supply baked goods to local
restaurants
(D) Publish an online food magazine

@

189. Why does Ms. Martz write to Mr. Castro?
(A) To provide information on how to
remove the oven's wheels
(B) To give him guidance in addressing an
installation issue
(C) To request his assistance with a
cooking seminar
(D) To offer a solution to a baking problem
190. What does Ms. Martz ask Mr. Castro to do?
(A) Ship a part to her
(B) Send her some product information
(C) Consult an online resource
(D) Write a follow-up review

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 133

I

Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mails and Web page.
To: II jacknajarian@sellomail.com
From: II guestservices@Qamakanihotel.com
Subject: II Surfing lessons
Date: II Ma:i 10
Dear Mr. Najarian, ~
Thank you for writing to us at the Pamakani Hotel to ask if we could recommend a
surfing school nearby. You will be happy to know that Lauloa Surf School
(www.lauloasurfschool.com) is located on the beach just a few steps from our hotel. The
prices are fair, and their lessons are quite good. Having taken a 4-hour lesson with the
legendary Alana Kapaku myself, I can personally recommend them.
We look forward to greeting you and your daughter when you arrive on June 4. Please let
us know if you have any further questions or needs before or during your stay. We are at
your service.
Sincerely,
Regina Manibog
Representative, Guest Services, Pamakani Hotel r;J

( http://www.lauloasurfschool.com/lessons 1 .... ]
... Lauloa Surf School • 2495 Kekau Road, Honolulu, HI 96815 • 808-555-0142 ,_
Group Lesson
For beginning and lower-intermediate
surfers. Group lessons consist of
3 instructors and a maximum of
12 students. We'll form a group for
you if you don't already have one.
• 2-hour lesson I $75 per person
• Must be at least 13 years old.
Family and Friends Lesson
For beginning to upper-intermediate
surfers. No more than 4 people. This
lesson is for those who want one instructor
just for themselves. You will surf more
waves than in our regular Group Lesson.
• 2-hour lesson I $100 per person
• Must be at least 13 years old.

Private Lesson
For all levels, beginning through advanced.
You'll have our instructor all to yourself,
and you'll learn whatever you want to
learn about how to surf.
• 2-hour lesson I $125 per person
• For safety reasons, children under
13 years old require a private lesson.
Professional Lesson
For advanced surfers. Learn advanced
techniques from former professional surfer
Alana Kapaku. Alana competed professionally
for over 10 years. Her students have included
famous movie stars!
• One-on-one 4-hour lessonl$200 per person
• Must be at least 13 years old.

All surf lessons include: protective swim shirt, reef shoes, board leash,
and surfboard rental.

134

~ *E-mail* j:::::
To: I information@lauloasurfschool.com I
From: I jacknajarian@sellomail.com I
Subject: I Surfing lessons I
Date: I June 17 J
Greetings,
I'm writing to thank you on behalf of my 12-year-old daughter for the wonderful surfing
lesson she had during the week when she and I visited Hawaii. I've already told her that
when we visit again, I'll purchase another lesson and even sign up with her this time, so
we can both learn more about how to surf.
Thank you again. We can't wait to get back and enjoy the beach and waves together at
Lauloa Surf School.
Sincerely,
Jack Najarian

191. Why did Ms. Manibog write the first e-mail?
(A) To confirm a reservation
(B) To reply to an inquiry
(C) To obtain a recommendation
(D) To introduce an instructor
192. In the first e-mail, the word "fair" in
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) generous
(B) objective
(C) reasonable
(D) light
193. What is most likely true about
Ms. Manibog?
(A) She is an advanced-level surfer.
(B) She is the manager of Guest Services
at Pamakani Hotel.
(C) She previously worked for Lauloa Surf
School.
(D) She is a close friend of Mr. Najarian's
family.

194. How much did Mr. Najarian pay for his
daughter's lesson?
(A) $75
(B) $100
(C) $125
(D) $200
195. What is indicated about Mr. Najarian and
his daughter?
(A) They met Ms. Kapaku on the beach.
(B) They travel on vacation to Hawaii every
year.
(C) They plan to stay at the Pamakani
Hotel again.
(D) They expect to take a surfing lesson
together.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 4 135

Questions 196-200 refer to the following articles and program notes.

136

Pop Superstar Coming Home
LAFONT (May 23)-Sonia Benitez is
coming back to where it all started, and she's
giving back. The international pop superstar
announced that she has added a free concert
in Lafont to her Long Road tour, which
begins on June 2. Benitez will perform in
Lafont on July 17.
Born in nearby Ollender, Benitez moved
to Lafont with her family when she was five
years old. She graduated from Jasper High
School, where she first caught the attention

of peers and teachers by winning the school-
wide talent show at the age of fourteen, the

first time she ever set foot on a stage. Since
then, she has embarked on a professional
career that has taken her to five continents
and has won her millions of fans all over the
world.
Benitez made the decision to add a
concert in Lafont when her manager, Jeremy

Hampton, brought to her attention a three-
day break after a show in Chicago. "It was

obvious to both of us," Benitez said in a

phone call from her recording studio in Los
Angeles. "To be so close to Lafont with an
extra three days and not do a show would be
unthinkable. It was a very easy decision to
make."
The only challenge was finding a venue
that would accommodate all of Benitez'
hometown fans. The town's largest theater
seats only 1 ,200. Lafont Mayor Ellis
Swanson came up with a creative solution.
"He suggested an outdoor concert," said
Benitez. "Not at a stadium, but at a local
farm outside of town. That way there won't
be a limit on how many people can attend.
We'll just set up a stage in the middle of a
huge field."
Local radio DJ Taylor Wendel estimates
that as many as 8,000 fans might turn out for
the concert.
"Considering how popular Sonia is
around here, and considering the concert is
free, I think that's a conservative estimate,"
says Wendel. "It's going to be a memorable
event."

Benitez Plays to Big Crowd
LAFONT (July 18)-Sonia Benitez'
homecoming concert last night in a field at
Gingham Hills Farm was nothing short of
phenomenal. The crowd of 10,000-plus was
delighted to welcome the hometown hero,
who was making her first trip back to Lafont
in more than 12 years. Benitez put on quite a
show, extending her usual two-hour set of
songs by another hour with an additional eight
songs.
The evening's most memorable moment (of
which there were many) came when Benitez
was joined onstage by pianist Genevieve
Parker, another native of Lafont and friend of
Sonia's since the age of six. While perhaps not
as well known as Benitez, Parker is an equally
accomplished musician, having studied
classical piano in Vienna and having toured
internationally with the Vienna Touring
Orchestra.

~
Sonia Benitez in Lafont
Special Notes

Gingham Hills Farm is proud to host. Sonia Benitez' homecoming concert. Among the songs
that Sonia will perform tonight are those listed below, which have special significance for
Sonia and the Lafont community.
"The Butterfly Song" Sonia's first composition, cowritten with her sister when she

was eleven years old

"Dinner by the Riverbank" A song about the Walton River, which runs through Lafont,
with backing vocals by the Jasper High School Choir
"A Single Morning" Sung by Sonia at her first-ever performance during high school
"Everybody Smiles" Sonia will be accompanied by a childhood friend on the piano

196. What is suggested about Lafont?
(A) It has a new mayor.
(B) It is Ms. Benitez' birthplace.
(C) It is located near Chicago.
(D) It will be the first stop on a concert tour.
197. According to the first article, what problem
with the concert had to be addressed?
(A) Finding extra musicians
(B) Locating a large enough space
(C) Determining a possible date
(D) Setting an affordable ticket price
198. What is indicated about the song "A Single
Morning"?
(A) It is about life in Lafont.
(B) It is usually performed with a choir.
(C) It was Ms. Benitez' first song played on
the radio.
(D) It was sung by Ms. Benitez at a talent
show.

199. How did the concert in Lafont differ from
Ms. Benitez' usual concerts?
(A) It was an hour longer.
(B) It was held in the daytime.
(C) Attendees were seated in a stadium.
(D) The Vienna Touring Orchestra opened
the show.
200. What song did Ms. Parker perform in?
(A) "The Butterfly Song"
(B) "Dinner by the Riverbank"
(C) "A Single Morning"
(D) "Everybody Smiles"

Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go

back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.

TEST 4 137

I

~1-1 TEST

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PARTS
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

101. Ms. Tillinghast has received several awards
------- her innovative ideas.
(A) away
(B) for
(C) often
(D) across
102. Using proper techniques to------- items
drastically reduces the risk of back injury.
(A) select
(B) lift
(C) damage
(D) attract
103. Restaurants in Rondale must follow all
------- health guidelines.
(A) local
(B) locals
(C) locally
(D) localize
104. Sinee's Catering is always ------- to deliver
outstanding food to your special events.
(A) ready
(B) skillful
(C) complete
(D) delicious

140

105. A ------- way to support economic growth in
Ludlow City is to shop at area businesses.
(A) practice
(B) practicing
(C) practical
(D) practically
106. A record number of appliance------- came
into the Port of Reece last month.
(A) shipments
(B) shipping
(C) shipment
(D) shipped
107. At Sloat Publishing, interns are assigned to
a ------- of positions with increasing
responsibility.
(A) frequency
(B) length
(C) shortage
(D) series
108. The conference fee ------- admittance to
more than twenty workshops and seminars.
(A) include
(B) includes
(C) is included
(D) including

109. Cabinetmaker Finley Orcheta uses the 11 5. Prices at Taylor City Books are ------- lower
finest woodworking machines than at other online bookstores.
imported ------- Denmark. (A) more significant
(A) from (B) significant
(B) against (C) significance
(C) about (D) significantly
(D) before

116. The ------- of this workshop is to equip
110. Senior hotel manager salaries differ ------- business leaders with the tools to make
by company, location, and experience. prudent financial decisions.
(A) great (A) guide
(B) greater (B) experience
(C) greatly (C) aim
(D) greatest (D) solution
111. Pantep, Inc., works ------- with customers to 117. A marketing campaign was designed to
establish long-term partnerships. target ------- of the three demographics we
(A) nearly identified.
(B) closely (A) which
(C) recently (B) other
(D) newly (C) either
(D) each

11 2. Adalet Farm's unique method of irrigating
vegetables has proved to be ------- effective. 118. ------- food critics recommend ZJ's Bistro as
(A) far the best restaurant in the area, most local
(B) correctly residents prefer Dree's Cafe.
(C) highly (A) Whenever
(D) much (B) Although
(C) So that
113. Customers who submit payments ------- (D) Among
March 1 0 will be charged a late fee.
(A) after 11 9. Green Grocer customers should request
(B) behind assistance from staff instead of removing
(C) quite products from the top shelves -------.
(D) almost (A) themselves
(B) their own
11 4. The poll shows how often company (C) them
executives make financial decisions that (D) their
are ------- by employee opinions.
(A) acted 120. Skovent Products' sales revenue showed a
(B) trained ------- improvement at the end of last
(C) reminded quarter.
(D) influenced (A) respective
(B) crowded
(C) marked
(D) diverse

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 141

121. Before work can begin at the construction 126. Any furniture purchased at Marty's
site, the ------- permit applications must be Superstore throughout February will be
processed. delivered ------- five business days.
(A) relevant (A) since
(B) relevantly (B) between
(C) relevance (C) within
(D) relevancies (D) above
122. During negotiations, Mr. DuPont insisted that 127. The manager presented data on employee
price ------- be implemented without delay. performance with ------- on measurable
(A) expectations achievements.
(B) institutions (A) emphatic
(C) sensations (B) emphasis
(D) reductions (C) emphasize
(D) emphasized

123. After the team meeting next week, Ms. Li
------- whether the project deadline needs to 128. Even employees who ------- were not
be changed. familiar with the new software program
(A) to decide have found it easy to use.
(B) deciding (A) initially
(C) will decide (B) annually
(D) has decided (C) successfully
(D) inadvertently

124. ------- the proposal for the Southside Library
garden was incomplete and had an unclear 129. Supervisors will not ------- approve time off
timetable, it was rejected. for employees during peak operational
(A) Until months.
(B) Because (A) generalization
(C) While (B) generalize
(D) Unless (C) generally
(D) general

125. As the rental agreement with the Smith
Group is set ------- soon, the avai lable office 130. Toronto is one of three cities being ------- as
space can be advertised. the host for the next convention of the
(A) expired Global Society of Accountants.
(B) to expire (A) found
(C) will have expired (B) categorized
(D) expiring (C) known
(D) considered

142

PART6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 131-134 refer to the following announcement.
We are pleased to announce that the installation of the new manufacturing equipment in our main
plant has been completed. The new machines ------- work flow by allowing for flexibility in

131.

production. With six mixing tanks of------- sizes, we expect to be able to fill a wider range of

132.

orders, from small to very large. This ------- is an important way to ensure that Balm

133.

Manufacturing continues to be a leader in the fragrance industry.
-1-34': . Jim Martel, who is organizing this effort, will contact each of you soon with details.

131. (A) have been improved
(B) were improving
(C) will improve
(D) improved
132. (A) varying
(B) varies
(C) vary
(D) variation
· 133. (A) proposal
(B) contract
(C) impression
(D) upgrade

134. (A) Supervisors completed a tour of the

plant yesterday.
(B) Unfortunately, the installation cost
more than we had anticipated.
(C) As you are aware, our industry is
increasingly competitive.
(D) All personnel must be trained on the
new equipment by the end of the
month.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 143

Questions 135-138 refer to the following Web page.

www.kateweicommunications.com
Marketing your business can be confusing. Newspapers and magazines are ------- useful venues

135.

for advertising. ------- , social media platforms have become even more critical marketing outlets.

136.

Kate Wei Communications utilizes both traditional outlets and the latest communication
platforms. ------- . In addition to exceptional print services, Kate Wei Communications has the
137.
expertise to help you -
1
-
38_- your online presence. Why wait? Choose our award-winning firm to

strengthen your company's image today!

135. (A) still 138. (A) optimal
(B) nowhere (B) optimize
(C) soon
(D) evenly
136. (A) As a result
(B) To demonstrate
(C) Otherwise
(D) However
137. (A) Marketing professionals give conflicting

advice.

144
(B) Traditional methods have the best
impact.
(C) We will develop a diverse plan for your
business.
(D) We have recently changed our terms of
service.

(C) optimization
(D) optimum

Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.

To: Emily Swanton <eswanton@swantonfarmfeed.com>
From: Arnold Hansen <AHansen@poltonfairgrounds.org>
Subject: Polton Farm Fair
Date: June 2
This e-mail serves as a receipt for your registration ------- confirms your participation in the

139.

Seventeenth Annual Polton County Farm Fair from July 14 to July 16. As a returning exhibitor,
Swanton Farm Feed will be offered------- space at a discounted rate.

140.

Please be aware of a new requirement when preparing your space. This year, all booths must be
completely ready by 8 P.M. on July 13. -
1
-
41-: . Tables will be provided by the organizer, as in past

years.
Thank you once again for your participation in our------- . 142.
Arnold Hansen, Assistant Coordinator
Polton County Farm Fair

139. (A) whereas
(B) rather than
(C) in case
(D) and also
140. (A) rent
(B) rental
(C) rents
(D) renting
141. (A) This includes the removal of trash and

packing materials.
(B) The number of food vendors has
increased in recent years.
(C) The exact schedule will be announced
later.
(D) The Livestock Pavilion will be located
next to the south exit.

142. (A) discovery
(B) survey
(C) event
(D) vote

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 145

I

Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.

Sparkle Pro Enterprises Opens American Factory
Worldwide News
MANCHESTER (1 0 Aprii)-Sparkle Pro Enterprises, a leading Belgium-based -------of cleaning 143.
products, is expanding its territory. The company has just opened its first plant in the United
States, in Indianapolis. For more than forty years, Sparkle Pro has been making and distributing
household and industrial cleaners to a wide range of vendors, including retail outlets and hotel
chains, throughout Europe. -
1
-
44: .

The Indianapolis facility will require the company to hire 300 additional employees ------- the end
145.
of this year in order for it to achieve full capacity. According to Egan Bretz, the new director of
North American operations, Sparkle Pro is confident that it will be able to train a large number of
personnel quickly. Mr. Bretz expects no significant -
1
-
46: in meeting these needs.

143. (A) produced
(B) producing
(C) producer
(D) produce

145. (A) by
(B) despite
(C) as
(D) except

144. (A) Water-based cleaners have become

more expensive.

146
(B) The company's Web site lists all of its
major vendors.
(C) The hotels are conveniently located in
most cities.
(D) Other factory facilities were gradually
sold.

146. (A) decrease
(B) challenges
(C) project
(D) candidates

PART?
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.

Notice

'
The sidewalk along Crestview Boulevard is scheduled to be repaired next
L> week. Due to safety concerns, the front door of the Queenstown Financial
Services (QFS) building will be inaccessible from Monday, 15 January, to
Wednesday, 17 January. QFS employees and customers are advised to use
the north entrance on Sycamore Avenue. To get to the receptionist on the
second floor, take either the staircase or the elevator, both of which can be
found near the north entrance.

147. What is the purpose of the notice?
(A) To introduce changes to certain safety
regulations

148. What is suggested about the QFS building?
(A) Many employees work there.

(B) To announce the temporary closure of
an entryway
(C) To report the installation of a new
elevator
(D) To disclose the new location of a
company

(B) It will reopen on Thursday.
(C) The main entrance is on Crestview
Boulevard.
(D) The renovation project will take more
than a week.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 147

Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
t=l. *E-mail* I=
To: I Corporate Resource Team
From: I Junko Shigeno, Team Lead
Date: I January 27
Subject: I Support issues
Hi, Team,
At next week's strategy session, we will address the specific needs of our company
representatives working at our new overseas retail locations. Our goal is to have each
employee fully trained in marketing our products and in client retention. I'm requesting
that each of you be ready to present two ideas on the best way to provide them with
training and logistical support at levels comparable to their domestic counterparts.
Thanks,
Junko Shigeno
Team Lead, Integra Optics

149. According to the e-mail, what is true about
Integra Optics?

150. What does Ms. Shigeno ask employees to
do?

148
(A) It markets corrective eyewear.
(B) It has an international presence.
(C) It plans to open several more stores.
(D) It just produced a new line of products.

(A) Evaluate a proposal
(B) Contact clients
(C) Attend training sessions
(D) Prepare for a meeting

Questions 151-152 refer to the following information.

Important Information

At the Freehling Company, we take great pride in our high-quality, easy-to-assemble
furniture, and we want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase.
Before beginning to assemble the product, check the parts list to make sure that all parts
have been included in the box.
If your item is missing parts or assembly hardware, or if it has been damaged during
shipping, do not return the product to the store from which you purchased it; stores do
not stock replacement parts. Rather, contact us directly and we will send you the item(s)
required free of charge. You can reach us by
• visiting us at www.froehlingco.com to order replacement parts online;
• sending us an e-mail at parts@froehlingco.com; or
• calling us anytime at 555-0128.

151. What is the purpose of the information?
(A) To inform customers where to obtain
product assembly instructions
(B) To notify customers how to resolve a
problem involving their purchase
(C) To offer a gift to loyal customers of a
company
(D) To help customers find nearby retail
stores

152. What is suggested about the Freehling
Company?
(A) It has customer service representatives
availaple at all times.
(B) It recommends returning damaged
goods to the retailer.
(C) It has a new system for keeping track of
inventory.
(D) It supplies a product catalog with each
order.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 149

Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.

• ••

Marina Tincheva 9:01 A.M.
Hi Luis. I'm at the restaurant. I need to start
setting up the dessert tables for the wedding
banquet this afternoon, but the door's locked
and I left my key at home.
Luis Machado 9:03 A.M.
Ms. Howell isn't there? She usually shows up
hours ahead of an event to get things ready.
Marina Tincheva 9:04A.M.
I know. It doesn't make sense. You'll be in
late today, right?
Luis Machado 9:06A.M.
Yes. Actually, I'm on my way to a conference
for managers, but I can be there in 10 minutes
to let you in.
Marina Tincheva 9:07A.M.
Thank you so much! I'll wait at the cafe
next door.

153. Who most likely is Mr. Machado?
(A) A cafe waiter

154. At 9:04A.M., what does Ms. Tincheva most
likely mean when she writes, "It doesn't

make sense"? (B) A dessert chef
(C) A wedding florist
(D) A restaurant manager

150

(A) The bride should be there already.
(B) Her coworker usually arrives early.
(C) She received the wrong paperwork.
(D) She does not know where her key is.

Questions 155-157 refer to the following information from a brochure.

Visiting Carlin County? Don't miss these points of interest!

Avevo Botanical Garden
Open daily, 9 A.M.-6 P.M.; $8 admission
With stunning views of Gull Bay, the Avevo Botanical Garden is a beautiful place
to examine and learn about the region's abundant and diverse plant life.
Rever Concert Hall
Open to the public Monday to Friday, 10 A.M.-4 P.M.
Designed by renowned architect Ang Zhao, the Rever Concert Hall has striking
architecture and is well worth a visit. Guided tours are available for $2 per person.
Carlin County Museum of Art
Open daily, 10 A.M.-7 P.M.; $5 admi ss ion
This lovely art museum focuses on works by loca l artists. Special exhibits rotate
monthly.
The Maritime Museum
Open Wednesday to Sunday, 9 A.M.-4 P.M.; no fee, but donations are welcome
An impressive collection of hi storical artifacts makes the Maritime Museum a
wonderful place to learn about the region's seafaring history. Thi s museum is
located on a retired ship on East Beach.

155. What is the purpose of the information?
(A) To provide a schedule of events
(B) To give directions to notable landmarks
(C) To highlight the accomplishments of
local artists
(D) To describe tourist destinations
156. What is indicated about Carlin County
Museum of Art?
(A) It is closed on Mondays.
(B) It was designed by a famous architect.
(C) It features collections from around the
world.
(D) It changes some exhibits periodically.

157. According to the information, what do the
Avevo Botanical Garden and the Maritime
Museum have in common?
(A) Both charge a small admission fee.
(B) Both are located near water.
(C) Both display historical artifacts.
(D) Both offer guided tours.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 151

Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
Bingham :M:an Receiv es A-vvard

by Timur Kardos
9 October-A Bingham native received
this year's Contributors Award from the
Association for the Construction of Steel
Bridges (ACSB), a trade organisation.
Scott Moore, 66, was presented the award
during yesterday's annual ACSB meeting
in Norwalk.
According to an ACSB press release, the
award is given every year to "an
individual who has contributed
significantly to the betterment of the steel
industry." ACSB spokesperson Cora
Schroeder said, "Mr. Moore devotes his
spare time to ensuring quality in our
industry. For the past decade, he has

158. What is suggested about Mr. Moore?
(A) He led efforts to raise standards for
steel use.
(B) He designed a new type of bridge.
(C) He serves on a committee with
Ms. Schroeder.
(D) He has received several awards from
theACSB.

159. According to the article, what happened ten
years ago?

152
(A) Mr. Moore moved to Norwalk.
(B) Mr. Moore began to help the ACSB.
(C) The ACSB revised its membership
requirements.
(D) The ACSB first presented its award.

dedicated himself to helping the ACSB
monitor and refine steel-production
standards and practices. This year, he
chaired a committee that created an
improved set of standards for structural
steel used in the construction of bridges."
Mr. Moore was born and raised in
Bingham and received his engineering
degree from Bingham University. After
graduating, he worked as a construction
manager during the building of
Bingham's new city hall. He joined
Marshall Steel 39 years ago as a building
supervisor, ultimately rising to his current
position of senior project engineer.

160. What was Mr. Moore's first job at Marshall
Steel?
(A) Senior project engineer
(B) Company spokesperson
(C) Construction manager
(D) Building supervisor

Questions 161-164 refer to the following Web page.
( http://www.goldendayimages.com ~

Ei

Golden Day Stock Photographs

Using stock images in your materials can significantly improve your company's ability
to communicate-not only with external clients but with employees as well. A well-chosen
image can serve many functions, from increasing employee engagement with internal
communications, to catching the attention of potential clients, to helping readers of
documents better understand complex ideas.
Golden Day's images come from a unique international network of contributors, so our
selection is not only large but also truly diverse. No matter the size of your organization,
and no matter where you are located and with whom you do business, you will find the
perfect photo to enhance your message.
Our monthly subscription plans range from $49 to $495 based on the quantity and resolution
of the images you download. Once you download an image, there are no limits on its usage.
Don't miss our special introductory offer: first-time subscribers qualify for consultations
with our branding experts for six months at no extra cost! Our experts will help you ensure
that all your client-facing materials are cohesive and make your company stand out.

161. What reason to use stock images is NOT
mentioned in the advertisement?
(A) To encourage employees to read
company newsletters
(B) To keep current customers interested in
a company's brand
(C) To attract new customers
(D) To help clarify written information
162. According to the advertisement, why are
Golden Day's images special?
(A) They are a larger size than is typically
offered.
(B) They are created by famous
photographers.
(C) They are used by multinational
companies.
(D) They are sourced from all over the
world.

163. The word "resolution" in paragraph 3, line 1,
is closest in meaning to
(A) level of detail
(B) statement of agreement
(C) subject matter
(D) firmness of purpose
164. What is Golden Day offering to new
customers?
(A) Free marketing advice
(B) Discounts on subscription plans
(C) Limited-time access to additional photo
collections
(D) Introductions to potential new clients

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 153

Questions 165-167 refer to the following article.

We're Doing Something Right

154
by Ariel Garman
SUSTERN (November 8)-According to

a recent study conducted by the Mid-
Atlantic Hotel Association, tourism at our

beaches improved significantly this past
summer, and the hotel industry showed
greater profits this year than last. Hotel
occupancy averaged 94 percent during the
peak summer months. - [1] -.
Sustern saw the opening of the area's
largest hotel, The Glaston, last spring.
The new hotel was at full capacity nearly
every weekend during the summer.
Weekday occupancy also exceeded
expectations.
The hotel's manager, Anika Bastien, said,
"Tourists were thrilled with the anay of

amenities offered, including 24-hour
dining options, a free shuttle to nearby
beaches, and free Wi-Fi. In fact, many
have already reserved rooms for next
summer.- [2] -."
Sustern has become the most popular
tourist destination in the region, with
about 20 percent more beachgoers than
the Delmire shore, its biggest
competitor.- [3] -. Experts attribute
this to the growing number of outlet
stores in Sustern, overall lower prices,
and an abundance of new restaurants,
hotels, and community events. Tourists
continue to visit the area after the prime
beach months, keeping hotel rooms
occupied longer. - [ 4] -.

165. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To announce the opening of a new
hotel
(B) To provide information about the local
tourism industry
(C) To discuss job opportunities in the hotel
industry
(D) To compare the quality of beaches in
two locations
166. What is NOT indicated about Sustern?
(A) Its beach is more popular than
Delmire's.
(B) Its new hotel employs Ms. Bastien.
(C) It hosts a wide variety of events.
(D) It recently held a beach cleanup
weekend.

167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This was a big increase from last
summer's average of just 77 percent."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 155

Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
1=1 *E-mail* t=
To: I All staff I
From: I Jessica Perry I
Subject: I Conference I
Date: I 19 July
Attachment: I liD Workshop application I
Hello everyone,
The fourth annual Australian National Sales and Marketing Conference (ANSMC) will
take place from 18 to 22 November here in Perth. Conference organizers have asked
local marketing specialists to help out by giving a keynote speech, leading a workshop,
or working in the exhibition hall. - [1] -.
Our chief executive officer, Martin Hughes, wants us to take advantage of this excellent
opportunity for Hughes Australia Marketing to achieve visibility on a national stage. It
is sure to help us to expand our client base. Mr. Hughes has already agreed to give a
keynote speech about using survey results to create successful marketing campaigns.
- [2] - . I am designing our company's booth for the exhibition hall. If you would like
to help, please come to Room C556 at 2:00 P.M. next Tuesday, 23 July, for a planning
meeting. - [3] -.
If you would like to lead a workshop, please complete the attached proposal form and
return it to me by 26 July. - [4] - . You may present alone or with a partner.
Workshop ideas will be discussed and approved at a managers' meeting on 29 July.
Thanks,
Jessica

156

168. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To remind staff to register for a
conference
(B) To apologize for missing a deadline
(C) To invite staff to submit an application
(D) To request responses to a marketing
survey
169. What is suggested about Hughes Australia
Marketing?
(A) It is hosting the ANSMC.
(B) It is located in Perth.
(C) It has been in business for four years.
(D) It serves clients throughout Australia.
170. According to the e-mail, why does
Mr. Hughes want employees to participate
in the ANSMC?
(A) So they can learn new marketing
strategies
(B) So they can share the results of a
survey
(C) So they can attract new clients
(D) So they can listen to his keynote
speech

171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and (4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This will help me ensure that none of our
workshop topics overlap."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
• TEST 5 157

Questions 172-175 refer to the following online chat discussion.
[EQl§l
Alberto Ovando [11:15 A.M.] ,.__ •
When we met last week, production was nearly finished on the boxes and other packaging
for Redmond's. Rani, where are we now?
Rani Verma [11:16 A.M.]
The refrigerator and dishwasher boxes were supposed to arrive at Redmond's warehouse
on Wednesday, but the snowstorm really backed up our delivery schedule.
Alberto Ovando [11:17 A.M.]
Have you told them this?
Stacy Pfeiffer [11:18 A.M.]
I will, but I was waiting to hear from the drivers. George, can you help?
George Kellerman [11:19 A.M.]
I spoke with them ten minutes ago. They're back on the road now, so they only lost a day.
They should have everything before the end of the week.
Stacy Pfeiffer [11:21 A.M.]
OK. I'll tell them to expect delivery by Friday at the very latest.
Rani Verma [11:22 A.M.]
At least the packaging materials for the smaller appliances shipped before the storm; only
the larger boxes are affected.
Alberto Ovando [11:23 A.M.]
The contract is for us to provide packaging materials for all of Redmond's products, not
just the smaller ones. Let's make sure we stay on the revised schedule. 1-
T

158

172. For what type of business do the people
most likely work?
(A) A restaurant supply company
(B) An appliance repair shop
(C) A packaging manufacturer
(D) A furniture delivery service
173. What problem are the people discussing?
(A) A shipment was delayed.
(B) A warehouse was closed.
(C) An order was incorrect.
(D) A driver did not report for work.
174. What will Ms. Pfeiffer most likely do next?
(A) Cancel a shipment
(B) Sign the contract
(C) Call a driver
(D) Contact the client

175. At 11:18 A.M. , what does Ms. Pfeiffer
most likely mean when she writes,
"can you help"?
(A) She thinks Mr. Kellerman should load
some boxes.
(B) She needs Mr. Kellerman to drive to the
warehouse.
(C) She wants Mr. Kellerman to provide
delivery information.
(D) She expects Mr. Kellerman to pay the
drivers.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 5 159

Questions 176-180 refer to the following flyer and e-mail.
PAGA's Seventeenth Annual Botanical and Horticultural Expo, July 10-13

Starkey Convention Center, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

The Pittsburgh Area Garden Association (PAGA) invites companies to support its garden
exhibition, which last year was attended by nearly 40,000 visitors. This is a cost-effective
means of reaching home gardeners and outdoor enthusiasts and enhances your firm's
commercial performance.
PAGA is pleased to offer the following levels of corporate sponsorship with corresponding
benefits. (For inquiries, contact Ms. Carita Aragon, PAGA's Event Coordinator, at
925-555-0142. To register, e-mail sponsors@paga.org.)
Workshop Patron-$1,250 Bag Patron-$3,500
A representative of your company will have Your company's emblem will be on all
the honor of introducing the presenter(s) of fabric tote bags, to be distributed to every
a workshop, to be conducted on the second visitor.
day of the event. General Program Patron-$5,000
Charging Station Patron-$2,000
There will be eight mobile-device charging
stations in the exhibition hall, each with a

Two executives of your company will attend
the PAGA Gala Banquet on the opening
night of the expo.

sponsor sign next to it.
From: II caragon@paga.org I
To: II mkee@wimosol.com I
Date: II May 15
Subject: II Thank ~ou I
Dear Mr. Kee:
Thank you for registering Wireless Monitoring Solutions as a sponsor of the Pittsburgh
Area Garden Association (PAGA) Expo. Your sponsorship not only helps to make this
year's event possible, but also to generate interest in gardening.
Your contribution of $2,000 has been processed. Additionally, we are offering you
sponsorship of our expo bags at no additional cost. This offer is a token of our
appreciation for the long-standing support of PAGA and its programs. To finalize the
promotional materials, please send us the artwork of your company's logo.

... 1--

Carita Aragon, PAGA Event Coordinator r.l

160

176. What is the purpose of the flyer?
(A) To promote the benefits of participating
in an event
(B) To present a breakdown of the costs of
hosting an activity
(C) To report on the financial success of a
fund-raising campaign
(D) To encourage community members to
join a nature preservation project
177. According to the flyer, when should a call
be placed to PAGA's office?
(A) When a contribution cannot be
processed
(B) When a payment has not been
received
(C) When additional information is required
(D) When a change in sponsorship level
must be made
178. What will happen on July 10 ?
(A) Attendance figures from last year's
expo will be released.
(B) Mobile-device charging stations will be
installed.
(C) A workshop will be presented.
(D) A formal dinner will be held.

179. What is suggested about PAGA's event?
(A) It is partially funded by the Pittsburgh
city government.
(B) It is held at a different venue every
year.
(C) It is intended to promote enthusiasm for
gardening.
(D) It attracts more than 40,000 visitors
annually.
180. What is NOT indicated about Wireless
Monitoring Solutions?
(A) Its name will be featured in various
locations at the convention center.
(B) It will install wireless monitoring devices
in the exhibition hall.
(C) It has sponsored PAGA's exhibition on
various occasions.
(D) Its logo will be displayed on souvenir
bags.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST S 161

I

Questions 181-185 refer to the following product reviews.

162
GJ(8' [ https://www.buyfo usiness.com/projectors0102

Buy for Business Reviews Miniprojectors
HJ6 Miniprojector by Collierpro

The HJ6 is a top-of-the-line miniprojector, which is no surprise to those familiar with
Collierpro. As usual, the company spared no expense in making sure this projector is
easy to take almost anywhere: it is lightweight and comes with its own carrying case,
which includes a remote control and a tripod. Its internal lamp is much brighter than
that of other projectors its size. Due to its brightness, the HJ6 was able to project the
sharpest picture of all the miniprojectors that we tested.
The major weakness of the HJ6 is its speakers. They are not nearly as loud as one
would expect, given the superiority of all the other features. You can easily plug in
different speakers. It is a miniprojector, however, and its small size means it is not
the best choice for giving presentations in lecture halls or large conference rooms.
Overall, this is a fantastic projector for travelers, and we recommend it. This is a new
model, though, and the sticker price is quite high. It may be best to hold off making a
purchase right away. Projectopro will introduce the Pico P17 projector next month, so
the HJ6's price may drop in order to remain competitive.

8][8' [ https://www.buyforbusiness.com/projectors0103 , ...,
Buy for Business Reviews Miniprojectors ()lf;l
The Pocket Mini C by Excellentronics

The Pocket Mini Cis a reliable projector and a good buy for those who aren't interested
in spending a lot of money. Like its competitors, it is lightweight and compact. The
feature we were most impressed with is its battery: it can run for up to six hours, which
is much longer than the other battery-powered projectors that we tested.
There are a few downsides, as could be expected from a budget projector. The ports are
in awkward locations and the menu organization is confusing, so setting up the projector
is not straightforward. The audio capabilities are also limited; when the volume is turned
up, the audio can sound muffled. But overall, it's a decent miniprojector for a reasonable
pnce.

... r--

--""

... .......

'---
""

181. What is suggested about Collierpro?
(A) It is owned by Buy for Business.
(B) It makes high-quality electronics.
(C) It is a new company.
(D) It offers discounts for business
travelers.
182. What is mentioned as a feature of the HJ6
Miniprojector?
(A) It is less expensive than the Pi co P17.
(B) It is sold with a spare power cord.
(C) It has a rechargeable battery.
(D) It produces a very clear image.
183. Why should customers wait before
purchasing the HJ6 Miniprojector?
·(A) The model's features will be updated
soon.
(B) The projector might become less
expensive soon.
(C) Minor problems with the machine will
be fixed soon.
(D) Another company will buy the
projector's manufacturer soon.

184. What criticism do both of the reviewed
projectors receive?
(A) They are too heavy.
(B) They are not easy to set up.
(C) Their sound systems do not work well.
(D) Their projections are not large enough.
185. According to the second review, what is the
best feature of the Pocket Mini C?
(A) Its design is attractive.
(B) It is easier to carry than other
projectors.
(C) It has more ports than other projectors.
(D) Its battery lasts for a long time.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 163

Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mails and form.
From: I Alan Grady <agrady@st.pro.com> I
To: . I Jaco Neves <owner@neveslocal.com> I
Date: I Monday, August 7, 9:31A.M. I
Subject: I Contract addendum I
Mr. Neves, ~
Thanks for calling to discuss your progress on the house construction. To summarize our
conversation, even with the delay until September 22, the house should be ready for me to
move into before my a:partment lease expires on October 10. I've thought more about the
status reports we discussed, and twice a week would be best. My understanding is that you
will now document these changes to the contract so that I can sign off on them this week.
Thanks, as always, for your careful attention to this project.
Alan Grady ~

f::! *E-mail* f=
From: I Jaco Neves <owner@neveslocal.com>
To: I Alan Grady <agrady@st.pro.com>
Date: I Monday, August 7, 4:16P.M.
Subject: I RE: Contract addendum
Attachment: I liD Addendum
Mr. Grady,
I have drawn up the revisions we discussed to the June 5 contract and attached it to this
message. The recent bad weather set us back, but not by much. As we near the end of
the project, many pieces will need to come together at once. I will keep you informed to
the best of my ability, but as always, my first priority will be to make sure the work
itself is done.
If the document looks acceptable to you, sign and return a copy to me. Please don 't
hesitate to contact me or Evan Baurkot with any questions or concerns about how our
business can serve you.
Regards,
Jaco Neves

164

CONTRACT ADDENDUM
1. Because of work that could not be performed due to unavoidable
circumstances from July 24 to July 28, the completion date for all
construction will be moved from September 17 to September 22. The Client
will not be charged any additional labor costs as a result of this change. Any
charges resulting from an extension of building permits will be paid by the
Contractor.
2. Effective immediately, the Contractor will submit a report of all work
completed (including any delays incurred or anticipated) once every week,
beginning on Monday, August 12.

186. Who is Mr. Grady?
(A) A business partner of Mr. Neves'
(B) A client of Mr. Neves'

189. When was the work most likely affected by
bad weather?

(C) An assistant to Mr. Baurkot
(D) A legal advisor of Mr. Baurkot's
187. What is planned for October?
(A) A lease will be extended.
(B) A contract will be changed .
(C) A project schedule will be revised .
(D) A house will be occupied.
188. In the second e-mail, the phrase "drawn up"
in paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning
to
(A) raised
(B) sketched
(C) prepared
(D) straightened

(A) On June 5
(B) On July 24
(C) On August 12
(D) On September 22
190. What information in the contract is different
from what Mr. Grady requested?
(A) The frequency of the reports
(B) The charge for additional labor
(C) The date of completion
(D) The number of permits required

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 5 165

I

Questions 191-195 refer to the following article and e-mails.

i:j

166
From:
To:
Date:
Subject:

More Improvements Ahead
At its meeting on Tuesday, the Eldonbury
Town Council voted to explore options for
additional work to be done on town facilities.
According to Charles Gruber, town clerk, the
renovation of the Eldonbury Community
Centre came in well under budget. The
council, therefore, decided to compile a list of
smaller improvement projects that could be
done with the leftover funds.
Some suggested projects include adding a
covered entryway to the Eldonbury Public
Library, improving lighting in Westfall Park,
and replacing floors in the Town Hall.
According to Mr. Gruber, the council will
solicit ideas from members of the public.
Interested parties may voice their opinions at
the council's meeting on Tuesday, 20 March,
at 4:00 P.M. or send an e-mail to the council
office before 31 March. After the period of
public comment, the planning committee will
put forth a final list for the council to discuss,
with a decision expected by 15 April.

*E-mail*
mccaffrey32@citymail.co.uk
towncouncil @eldonbury.org. uk
25 March
Additional Project
Dear Town Council Members,
I read that you are accepting suggestions for the use of the leftover money from the
Community Centre renovation. Because of a previously scheduled appointment, I was
not able to attend the council meeting, but I would like to express my support for the
idea of expanding the lighting in the park. While the cost of that project is likely to be
reasonable compared to that of the other possibilities, the improved lighting would
increase the usability of Westfall Park and would benefit many people, especially in the
dark winter months. A well-lit, nicely maintained park is an obvious source of civic
pride, and something we could all appreciate. I hope the council will seriously consider
this project.
Sincerely,
Heather McCaffrey

I=
I
I
I I.

From: I sunil.pai @hgnetworks.co.uk
To: I towncouncil @eldonbury.org. uk
Date: I 27 March
Subject: I Town erojects
Dear Mr. Gruber, f!-1
I was glad to hear that the latest renovation project was completed with money to spare.
Although the Community Centre does sponsor activities for citizens of all ages, it is, for
the most part, visited by adolescents and parents with children. Therefore, I would like to
suggest that the next project focus on a place more often used by Eldonbury 's older
people.
The public library is a natural gathering place for older adults, and a new entryway would
provide a dry, protected place for people to chat or wait for transportation. It would be a
noticeable improvement, likely to be applauded by citizens who did not feel that they
gained much from the improvements to the Community Centre. In April, when the votes
are cast, please consider this suggestion to balance the interests of all members of the
Eldonbury public.
Thank you,
Sunil Pai

191. Why does the town of Eldonbury have
funds available?
(A) The town council has canceled a
project.
(B) The town has raised the tax rate.
(C) A group of citizens has donated money.
(D) An earlier project cost less than
expected.

192. In the article, the phrase "put forth" in
paragraph 2, line 12, is closest in meaning to
(A) grow
(B) exert
(C) propose
(D) request
193. When did Ms. McCaffrey have an
appointment?
(A) On March 20
(B) On March 25
(C) On March 31
(D) On April 15

@

194. What does Mr. Pai mention in his e-mail
about the Eldonbury Community Centre?
(A) It is located near public transportation.
(B) It is used mainly by younger residents.
(C) Its building previously served another
purpose.
(D) Its programs will run year-round.
195. On what point would Ms. McCaffrey and
Mr. Pai most likely agree?
(A) The chosen project should be beneficial
to the entire community.
(B) The town should spend as little money
as possible on its next project.
(C) The town council should extend the
deadline for public comment.
(D) The patrons of the library and the park
should work together to raise money.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 5 167

Questions 196-200 refer to the following form, e-mail, and Web page.
ITAHARA AIR+I
Delayed Luggage Form

Dear Tahara Air Customer,
We regret that the arrival of your luggage has been delayed. Please provide
the following details to help us track down and return your luggage more
quickly. A Tahara Air representative will contact you by phone as soon as
your luggage is located. Should your luggage remain missing for more than
three days, please visit www.tahara-air.com/baggage for further instructions.
Date: 12 October
Name: Marzena Majewska
Local Address: Hotel Dantes, Rua Jau, 1 300 Lisbon, Portu0al
Telephone: +441632 812110
Flight Number: J77FG2
Delayed Luggage Information
Quantity Description

0 Suitcase 1 small black suitcase with wheels; "Marzena Majewska"

on the name tag

D Backpack
D Purse
G2r Box 1 small cardboard box with "Marzena Maj ewska,

Saltoni Foods" written on it

D Other

From: I hgilbert@ saltonifoods .co. uk
To: I mmajewska@saltonifoods.co.uk
Subject: I Re: Sauce samples
Date: I 12 October, 2:03 P.M.
Dear Marzena, ~
I'm sorry to hear about your luggage. At least the airline has located your suitcase.
Since it's impossible to determine when the rest of your luggage will be found and
returned, I've sent you more samples by overnight shipping. That way, you will not have
to go empty-handed to tomorrow's meeting with the clients. There are five packets of each
flavour as well as two small sauce jars with labels. I sent the items by BDW Shipping to
your hotel. The package will be delivered by 8:30 a.m. so that you are sure to have the
sauce samples and packaging to show when you speak at the meeting at 11.
Take care,
Harry Gilbert Y]

168

J3}G [ https://www.bdwshipping.eo.uk/overnight I~

BOW SHIPPING
The Fast and Reliable Delivery Corporation

Submit an Overnight Shipment
Your shipment information:
Ship from: Saltoni Foods, 27 Aston Street, Oxford OX1 1 HD, UK
Ship to: Hotel Dantes, Rua Jau, 1300 Lisbon, Portugal
Weight: 0.75 kg
0 Envelope 0 Box 0 Custom packaging
Your overnight shipment options:
BDW Early Morning Delivery by 8:30A.M. tomorrow
BDWMorning
BDW Afternoon
BDWEvening

Delivery by 11 :00 A.M. tomorrow
Delivery by 2:00 P.M. tomorrow
Delivery by 8:00P.M. tomorrow

l £52 Ship Now J
[ £45 Ship Now J
( £39 Ship Now )
l £31 Ship Now J

196. What is indicated about Tahara Air? 199. According to the e-mail, what will
(A) It requires customers to include name
tags on all pieces of luggage.
(B) It guarantees that missing luggage will
be returned in three days.
(C) It will notify Ms. Majewska when her
luggage is found.
(D) It will reimburse Ms. Majewska for her
lost luggage.

197. Where did Ms. Majewska most likely pack
her samples?
(A) In a box
(B) In a purse
(C) In a suitcase
(D) In a backpack
198. What is implied about Mr. Gilbert?
(A) He is meeting with clients in Portugal.
(B) He travels frequently for Saltoni Foods.
(C) He is a Tahara Air customer service
agent.
(D) He wants the clients to review some
products.

Ms. Majewska do tomorrow at 11 A.M.?
(A) Accept a delivery
(B) Make a presentation
(C) Check out of the hotel
(D) Confirm her return flight
200. How much was Mr. Gilbert charged for
shipping?
(A) £31.00
(B) £39.00
(C) £45.00
(D) £52.00

Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go

back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.

TEST 5 169

71~ TEST

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PARTS
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

101. Jesper Associates currently has ------- with
26 different food suppliers.
(A) contracting
(B) contracts
(C) contractor
(D) contract
102. Passengers must be at the gate -------
25 minutes prior to boarding their flight.
(A) at least
(B) as much
(C) in case
(D) by then
103. Deltran analytics software can help -------
identify issues, predict trends, and improve
business.
(A) you
(B) your
(C) yours
(D) yourself
104. The technology department ------- to
purchase three new servers next year.
(A) announces
(B) thinks
(C) predicts
(D) plans

172

105. Jennson Motors hired an ------- new
efficiency expert last month.
(A) approximate
(B) angular
(C) exceptional
(D) eventual
106. Mr. Winkel's ------- responsibilities include
auditing and financial review of large
clients.
(A) accounts
(B) accounted
(C) accounting
(D) accountable
107. The prime minister greeted foreign
diplomats ------- a luncheon today in
London.
(A) at
(B) had
(C) such
(D) where
108. The management team at Otto Corporation
offers incentives ------- employee
productivity.
(A) stimulate
(B) to stimulate
(C) will stimulate
(D) are stimulating

109. In response to customer-------, Lopez 115. ------- it is relatively small, the fitness center
Naturals will release a line of organic at Ginder Apartments is very popular with
soaps. residents.
(A) demand (A) Reasoning
(B) permit (B) Essentially
(C) arrival (C) Although
(D) account (D) Throughout
110. Before the computers leave the factory, 116. All communications must be approved by
they are ------- thoroughly to ensure they the public relations director before they can
have no defects. be shared -------.
(A) selected (A) certainly
(B) inspected (B) externally
(C) attached (C) deeply
(D) managed (D) utterly
111. WRUZ Radio will broadcast a new show 117. Providing precision welding to a ------- array
-------to business news and economic of industries, Mistone Metalworks recently
analysis. celebrated a century of service in Quebec.
(A) allowed (A) widely
(B) prepared (B) widen
(C) dedicated (C) width
(D) introduced (D) wide
112. Mr. Okada met ------- with the building 118. Mr. Kim considers punctuality a crucial
manager to discuss the demolition project. ------- for all his assistants to have.
(A) frequent (A) device
(B) frequenting (B) type
(C) frequently (C) action
(D) frequented (D) trait
113. Mr. Montri politely ------- the job offer from 119. The chief financial officer has ------- the
Barranca Shipping Company. importance of attracting new customers
(A) declined next quarter.
(B) decreased (A) applied
(C) prevented (B) demanded
(D) converted (C) administered
(D) emphasized

114. Written permission must ------- before using
Thavor Corporation's logo. 120. Sewerd Furnishings is closing some of its
(A) to obtain showrooms because customers are -------
(B) obtained ordering furniture online.
(C) be obtained (A) increasing
(D) obtaining (B) increase
(C) increasingly
(D) increased

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ...
TEST 6 173

121 . ------- construction in progress at the old
town hall building, tourist groups will not be
allowed to enter the site.
(A) Now that
(B) While
(C) Even if
(D) Due to
122. Several drilling-technology experts will
present the results of their ------- on June
23.
(A) comprehension
(B) resolution
(C) investigation
(D) specification
123. The store had a------- display to promote
the newest book from the best-selling
mystery author.
(A) default
(B) grateful
(C) talented
(D) massive
124. Most of the people ------- attended
yesterday's workshop have already
submitted their feedback.
(A) who
(B) those
(C) whose
(D) some
125. Both tasty and healthy, the tomato salad at
Alfredi's Bistro is also large ------- to be
served as a main dish.
(A) enough
(B) fully
(C) nearly
(D) well

174

126. The Klassin Group's booth at the Liberty
Architecture Expo has garnered
much -------.
(A) interest
(B) interests
(C) interested
(D) interesting
127. Save 25 percent on any printer ------- you
buy a laptop computer at Diego's
Electronics.
(A) whereas
(B) whenever
(C) such as
(D) seeing that
128. The recently adopted policy restructures the
company's debt according to a -------
five-step plan.
(A) managing
(B) manageably
(C) manages
(D) manageable
129. The quality assurance department needs to
hire additional staff ------- production has
increased by 50 percent.
(A) even though
(B) since
(C) because of
(D) therefore
130. Your order cannot ------- until we have
received full payment.
(A) to process
(B) be processed
(C) being processed
(D) has processed

PART6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 131-134 refer to the following Web page.
Commercial relocation may at first appear ------- , but Mester Movers will work with you to make

131.

the process as simple as possible. Whether you are relocating an office, factory, or laboratory
across town or across the country, we have the people, technology, and resources to -
1
-
32_- your

move with efficiency.
We take special care when packing small and delicate objects. ------- , we make sure that large 133.
items such as desks, filing cabinets, and chairs are also ready for the move by providing you with
special tags. ------- . 134.

131. (A) complication
(B) complicated
(C) complicates
(D) complicate
132. (A) handling
(B) handled
(C) handle
(D) handles
133. (A) Rather
(B) In brief
(C) In other words
(D) At the same time

134. (A) Our Moving Guide will explain how to
properly affix them.
(B) Your employer will tell you when the
move will occur.
(C) We travel on back roads to get them
moved quickly.
(D) We have a dozen moving trucks on
our fleet.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 6 175

Questions 135-138 refer to the following instructions.

Purchase Order Guidelines
Mapleshades Medical Center authorizes certain employees to purchase goods and services for
company-related business. To purchase a------- item or service, fill out the online request form . 135.
Use the form to------- a description of the item needed. Also, briefly explain why the purchase is

136.

necessary. Note that your------- may affect subsequent decisions. If the request entails replacing 137.
a device that is out of order, bring the matter to the attention of Mr. Rowen, head of the
Maintenance Division, before submitting the request. ------- . Please direct any questions you may 138.
have related to the purchase of office supplies and equipment to the Purchasing Department.

135. (A) specify 138. (A) He has studied all possible options in
(B) specific detail.
(C) specifics
(D) specifically
136. (A) view
(B) change
(C) provide
(D) find
137. (A) retirement
(B) score

176
(C) experience
(D) justification

(B) He will determine whether such action is
warranted.
(C) It has a staff of six who service our two
office buildings.
(D) It is usually maintained on a monthly
basis.

Questions 139-142 refer to the following memo.

From: Hong Kong Princess Center Administration
To: All Princess Center residents
Date: 17 October
Subject: Higwam work~rs to maintain C-level elevators
-
1
-
39.-the past week you may have experienced increased wait times for our C-level elevators,
which service floors 25 through 36. We have contacted Higwam, our elevator maintenance
contractor, who ------- repairs in the elevator shafts.

140.

This is to alert all residents that beginning tomorrow and through the end of the week, you are
likely to see Higwam technicians working in the lobby. They are planning to work on one unit at a
time in order to keep the others operational while repairs are in progress, so for the next few
------- , there may continue to be prolonged wait times. ------- . 141. 142.
For any questions, please contact our office. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate
your patience.

139. (A) Between
(B) After
(C) Over
(D) Inside
140. (A) was conducting
(B) will be conducting
(C) would conduct
(D) is now conducting
141. (A) hours
(B) days
(C) weeks
(D) months

142. (A) Alternatively, you may use the service
elevator in the rear of the building.
(B) Complimentary refreshments will be
available to the workers in the lobby.
(C) Elevator repairs can be costly, which is
why we request your collaboration.
(D) Our B-level elevators suffered a
service disruption last month as well.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 6 177

Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.

DAKAR (August 4)- Nentique Laboratories, Inc., announced today the development of a new
variety of organic wheat that ------- heat. Dozens of plants were cross-pollinated over many years 143.
to produce this variety, known as GR-712. It joins a growing list of -
1
-
44.-that can withstand high
temperatures during extended dry periods. "Some farmers in regions close to the equator focus
-145: on rice production because rice grows well in hot climates. But in the Sahara, it is too dry
for much of the year," explains company spokesman Ahmad Niang. "But for a small investment in
GR-712 seeds, farmers will now be able to grow wheat in our region."------- . This added income

146.

can, in turn, be reinvested in better machinery, which will encourage more environmentally
friendly farming practices.

143. (A) tolerates
(B) tolerable
(C) tolerate
(D) tolerating
144. (A) fuels
(B) materials
(C) vehicles
(D) crops
145. (A) exclude
(B) exclusion
(C) exclusive
(D) exclusively

178

146. (A) There is more rainfall in the region in
August and September.
(B) Nentique believes diversification of this
kind will lead to greater profits.
(C) A common name for the new species
is yet to be determined.
(D) This merger will also help streamline
Nentique's production process.

PART7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 147-148 refer to the following text-message chain.

Jane Equi 110:41 A.M.]
Hi Mateo. Brian Jaffers just called to cancel tomorrow's walk-through at
72 1 Union Street.
Mateo Rodriguez 110:42 A.M.]
That's too bad. That apartment is just right for him. Did you reschedule?
Jane Equi [10:44 A.M. I
Yes, for Thursday, just before you show the Rockledge Place property to ®
the Kim family. The two sites are very close to each other.
Mateo Rodriguez 110:45 A.M.]
Great. Could you please confirm the time with Ms. Kim today?
Jane Equi 110:47 A.M.]
Sure.

147. Who most likely is Mr. Rodriguez?
(A) A landscape designer
(B) An administrative assistant
(C) A human resources director
(D) A real estate agent

148. At 10:45 A.M., what does Mr. Rodriguez
most likely mean when he writes, "Great"?
(A) He is excited about the results of his
work.
(B) He is glad about his company's new
location.
(C) He is pleased with Ms. Equi's work.
(D) He is interested in contacting
Mr. Jaffers.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 6 179

Questions 149-150 refer to the following notice.

Wallaby Decking
Serving Queensland and Beyond

Congratulations on your new timber deck! Follow these tips to keep it in top shape
for years to come .
./ Apply a coat of UV sealant annually to shield the deck from the effects of
moisture and heat.
./ Keep the gaps between boards free of dirt and debris. Air must flow around
and between the boards to prevent moisture buildup .
./ Wash the deck periodically. Use a soft-bristled brush, a hose, and a
chemical-free detergent to clean away dirt without removing the finish .
./ Avoid water stains and mjldew. Do not allow potted plants or other large,
heavy objects to rest directly on the surface of the deck.

149. What is indicated about the boards?
(A) They should be installed in shady

150. What is NOT mentioned as a tip for deck
maintenance?

180

areas.
(B) They are waterproof.
(C) They have space between them.
(D) They are sold only in Queensland.

(A) Applying a weather-resistant coating
(B) Cleaning the surface regularly
(C) Removing stains with a chemical
cleaner
(D) Keeping plants off the surface

Questions 151-152 refer to the following article.

Hapkell Industries Pairs Up
with E&T Recycling Center
June 19-The computer technology company
Hapkell Industries just announced it will begin
working with E&T Recycling Centers. This
partnership will enable consumers to
responsibly recycle computer equipment, at
no personal cost, simply by taking it to a
collection center.
"Used computers make up a rapidly growing
waste source," said CEO Indira Kapoor. "As a
major producer of computer products, we
believe it is our obligation to reuse what we
can and keep heavy metals out of the landfills.
This is what prompted us to go forward with
this initiative."
Hapkell Industries originally sponsored two
pilot E&T collection sites and, given their
success, aims to add ten more sites by year's
end. To learn more about the initiative and for
a map of current and proposed collection sites,
visit ETrecyclingcenter.com.

151. According to Ms. Kapoor, why did her
company partner with a recycling firm?
(A) To manufacture more affordable
computer products

152. What is stated about collection sites?
(A) They are not getting as much use as
expected.

(B) To follow a government environmental
policy
(C) To meet a responsibility as an industry
leader
(D) To pursue a rewarding financial
opportunity

(B) They are no longer accepting
volunteers.
(C) Their sanitary requirements are very
strict.
(D) Their locations can be found on an
online map.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 6 181

Questions 153-154 refer to the following e-mail.
=l *E-mail* t=
To: I Stan An~ati I
From: I Stella Gerraldi I
Date: I May 1
Subject: I Cafe Marti I
Dear Stan,
I called your shop yesterday and spoke with Andre about my vintage espresso maker. I
was surprised that he was able to find replacement parts for such an old machine. He
also re-created some parts that are no longer made. Apparently, there is a brass holder
for the manufacturer's nameplate that has not yet arrived from Italy. Once that arrives,
the restoration can be completed.
As we discussed earlier, I need the machine delivered by May 7. On May 8 we wil l
celebrate the tenth anni versary of the cafe's opening. The espresso machine has always
been our centerpiece. We use it on all our advertising. Even without the nameplate, I
need to have this vintage machine working for our celebrations.
Regards,
Stella

153. What is indicated about the espresso
machine?

154. What is suggested about the brass holder?
(A) It has been redesigned.

182
(A) It is a symbol of the Cafe Marti.
(B) It has never worked very well.
(C) It was designed by Stan Anyati.
(D) It is ten years old.

(B) It will need to be re-created .
(C) The machine can function without it.
(D) The manufacturer in Italy sent it to the
wrong address.

Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
To: II Department Managers
From: II Margaret Langley
Date: II December 27
Subject: II Extended-absence greeting
Attachment: II LID SamQie message #5
Dear Managers, _j
In preparation for the upcoming holiday when offices will be closed, I'd like to remind
you that company policy requires each of our departments to replace the traditional
greeting on their voice messaging systems with an extended-absence greeting that will play
next week when callers are diverted to voice mail. This will involve making a new
recording, saving it to the system, and programming the system to activate the recording at
the close of our business day on Friday. Once you activate the extended-absence greeting,
it will override the traditional greeting through the holiday.
The attached document contains the text of the greeting you should record. This is the
same text we have used in the past, but as usual, the dates have been changed to refl ect
the current closure. Please use this document to record your holiday greeting. Make sure
you activate it before you leave for the day on Friday.

j;l

155. What is the subject of the e-mail?
(A) A newly established company policy
(B) An improved way to access voice mail
(C) A procedure related to a holiday closing
(D) A change to the traditional shift

157. What is indicated in the e-mail about the
attached document?

schedule
156. What is included as an attachment?
(A) A script to be read aloud
(B) A flyer announcing a company event
(C) Instructions for installing a new phone
(D) Transcripts of recorded customer calls

(A) It is ready for publication.
(B) It is distributed annually.
(C) It is handed out to customers.
(D) It is intended only for new employees.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 6 183

Questions 158-160 refer to the following notice.

Kimfor
Marketing
Solutions
Thank you for your purchase of Kimfor Marketing Solutions e-mail software. We are
confident that this product will help you to develop your business.
As an added bonus, we are pleased to announce that free training is offered for all
of our products. These short but effective online seminars are a great opportunity for
businesses that are new to our products to ensure that they are utilizing the software
to its full potential.
Our instructors are professionals who have used our tools to grow their own businesses.
For more information and to make a reservation for a seminar, please visit our Web site
at kimformarketingsolutions.com/seminarsignup.

158. What is one purpose of the notice? 160. The word "grow" in paragraph 3, line 1,
is closest in meaning to (A) To inform customers about a service
(B) To discuss a new product line
(C) To introduce a marketing instructor
(D) To remind customers of an upcoming
deadline

159. According to the notice, what qualification
do instructors share?

184
(A) They have worked for the company for
many years.
(B) They are experienced users of the
e-mail software.
(C) They participated in designing the
software.
(D) They work in the marketing department.

(A) become
(B) expand
(C) produce
(D) move

Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Chef and lifestyle coach Lana Watson has
announced her first foray into cosmetics
with the launch of a new skin care
business. Her Summer Garden skin care
line consists solely of products made
from organic ingredients and features
extracts from plants, fruits, and
vegetables. - [1] -.
"I've always served the healthiest
possible food in my restaurant," said
Ms. Watson. "Natural ingredients nourish
our health and beauty from the inside out.

161. What is the article mainly about?
(A) Local organic farms
(B) Online shopping trends
(C) A new business venture
(D) A company merger
162. What is indicated about Summer Garden
products?
(A) They are suitable for all ages.
(B) They are available for purchase now.
(C) They are relatively inexpensive.
(D) They contain no artificial ingredients.

- [2] - . My skin care line utilizes only
the vitamins and proteins in foods, such
as spinach and cucumber, and combines
them to create powerful moisturizers and
cleansers that are free from artificial
chemicals. - [3] -."
Summer Garden products are suitable for
those with dry, sensitive, or combination
skin and will be available online and at
select retail stores beginning this
September.- [4] -.

163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It seemed logical to then create products to
nurture our skin from the outside in."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 6 185

Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.

Maria Zuccarini 5:30P.M. Hi. This is my first time using the Dubonville community chat ~
room. Do any neighbors have experience laying a ceramic tile floor?
Yuqiu Wang 5:35P.M. Hi, Maria. Are you looking to do it yourself? I put in a tile floor in my
kitchen last year and did all the work myself. I regret my decision, though.
Maria Zuccarini 5:37 P.M. I want to save money, so I'd rather not hire a professional. But I've
never done a project like this on my own before.
Dennis Gurka 5:41 P.M. People who are comfortable with home repairs can lay tile flooring
if they watch videos or attend a class. But it does take effort, time, and precision.
Yuqiu Wang 5:44P.M. In my case, I had helped a friend with a tiling project prior to working
on my own kitchen. I also watched several videos on myhomefix.com before getting started. In
the future, I'd get professional help, though.
Yuqiu Wang 5:45 P.M. Dennis, do you have experience in this area? Do you think Maria
could taclde this project without a professional?
Maria Zuccarini 5:51 P.M. Interesting. 1l1anks for sharing your experience.
Dennis Gurka 5:58 P.M. I have my own flooring business. Whether she can depends on
several factors. Maria, will you need to cut the tile, install a drain, or flatten an uneven floor?
Maria Zuccarini 6:06 P.M. I just need to replace a few broken tiles, but I suspect this is not a
job for an amateur. Dennis, is the business in Dubonville? Could you send me your contact
information?
Dennis Gurka 6:07P.M. It's just outside the city limits. It's called Floors Forever. 1be phone
is 642-555-0143.
+I l•

186

1--
...

164. For whom is the chat room intended?
(A) People who live in the same town
(B) People who attend the same online
class
(C) People who work together for a large
company
(D) People who are planning a trip together
165. At 5:35P.M., what does Ms. Wang most
likely mean when she writes, "I regret my
decision, though"?
(A) She did not end up saving money.
(B) She should have hired a professional.
(C) She would have preferred different
tiles.
(D) She did not need to remodel her
kitchen.

166. What is probably true about Mr. Gurka?
(A) He is Ms. Zuccarini's coworker.
(B) He has broken tiles in his home.
(C) He has a lot of experience laying tiles.
(D) He is taking a class at myhomefix.com.
167. What will Ms. Zuccarini most likely do next?
(A) Go shopping for ceramic tiles
(B) Search for a video on laying tiles
(C) Return a box of broken tiles
(D) Contact a business near Dubonville

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 6 187

Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
To: I nora.simmons@heltlx.edu
From: I e.agbayani @periodicalquest.com
Date: I February 28
Subject: I Periodical Quest
Dear Ms. Simmons, ~
This is a courtesy message to inform you that your monthly Periodical Quest membership
fee for March could not be processed due to an expired credit card. To avoid any service
disruptions, please visit periodicalquest.com/useraccount and update your billing
information. If you have any difficulties, I will be happy to take you through the process.
Incidentally, while reviewing your account I noticed that you are not using our full range
of services. As a member, you have unlimited online access to our library of over 3,000
journals, newspapers, and magazines. Additionally, as a professor you can also benefit
from our resources for teaching and research purposes. It would seem that you did not
complete your member profile when you signed up for our service four months ago. Please
take a moment to review your member preferences. We want to make sure that you are
taking advantage of all that Periodical Quest has to offer.
Feel free to contact me if you have any questions regarding your account. If you wish to
cancel your membership, no further action is required.
Sincerely,
Elena Agbayani
Periodical Quest ~

188

168. Why was Ms. Simmons contacted?
(A) A new service is now available.
(B) A payment was not processed.
(C) An order will be delivered soon.
(D) An article needs to be revised .
169. What is indicated about Periodical Quest?
(A) It charges a monthly fee.
(B) It has just doubled its journal collection.
(C) Its Web site is easy to navigate.
(D) Its customer support team is available
24 hours a day.
170. What is indicated about Ms. Simmons?
(A) She works in the field of education.
(B) She recently e-mailed customer
service.
(C) She has been a Periodical Quest
member for many years.
(D) She intends to cancel her Periodical
Quest membership.

171. Who most likely is Ms. Agbayani?
(A) A magazine editor
(B) A bank representative
(C) A computer programmer
(D) An accounts manager

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 6 189

Questions 172-175 refer to the following Web page.
( http://www.torontoconstructionshow.ca/magazine

190
r Annual Show 1 f Magazine 1 r . Frequently Asked Questions 1 r Home
Cement & Construction Monthly is produced by the organizers of the Toronto
Construction Show. It is published online each month. There is also a special
Annual Show print edition. - [1] - .
Cement & Construction Monthly offers a mix of industry news, product reviews,
and trade show information. - [2] - . Entertaining monthly columns cover
everything from job advi ce to advertising strategies.
This year Cement & Construction Monthly is beginning a mission to demonstrate
our high esteem for mentors in the industry. We are asking members to nominate
individuals who have excelled in a mentoring role. - [3] -. See the link below for
information on how to nominate someone. After reviewing the nominations, we will
select the top five mentors of the year. These winners will receive a special award at
the Toronto Construction Show on November 3. - [4] - .Their profiles and photos
will appear in the December edition of Cem.ent & Construction Monthly.

Links

Nomination form Current year issues Archive (old issues)

172. What is a purpose of the Web page?
(A) To explain a registration process
(B) To update a convention schedule
(C) To review a product
(D) To promote a trade publication
173. What new feature is being announced?
(A) A plan to honor mentors
(B) An online discussion forum
(C) On-site job interviews
(D) Monthly advice columns
17 4. What will happen on November 3 ?
(A) A special news report will be shown.
(B) Awards will be given out.
(C) Election results will be published.
(D) A photo collection will be displayed.

175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This is distributed to all registered visitors
to the show."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 6 191

Questions 176-180 refer to the following form and e-mail.

192

62nd Annual Samsville Home and Garden Show
March 31 to April 2, Samsville Conference Pavilion

Exhibitor Application
Company name: Castillo Landscape Design
Contact name: Valia Castillo
Phone: 302-555-0198
E-mail:
Web site:

vcastillo@castillold.com
www.castillold.com
Items/services to be exhibited:
I will display photographs, plans, and models of available outdoor design
services that my company offers.
Additional information or requests:
I would like to request a second parking pass since one of my employees
will also be attending and helping to transport materials.
NOTE: This application is not a contract and does not guarantee a booth at the show. Space
is available on a first-come basis. Once your completed application is received, a coordinator
will contact you within five business days to finalize your reservation and payment. Discounts
for members of Samsville Home and Garden will be automatically applied at the time of
payment. Any questions can be directed to our exhibition organizer, Ms. Faye Li, at
fli@samsvillehg.org. All applications are due by January 31.

To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Attachment:

vcastillo @castillold.com
rconway@samsvillehg.org
February 1
Home and Garden Show
@ Contract and Invoice

Dear Ms. Castillo:

E-Mail Message

We have received your exhibitor application for the 62nd Annual Samsville Home and
Garden Show. I am attaching your contract for a booth space and your invoice at the
discounted member rate. Please return a signed copy of your contract by February 10.
Your reservation includes one walled booth with an electrical outlet, exhibitor ID tags
for you and a colleague, and two parking passes, as your request for a second parking
pass was approved. Passes are typically limited to one per booth but we will make an
exception in this case, as you are a longtime member and exhibitor at our event.
We appreciate your continued participation and support.
Regards,
Rylan Conway, Vendor Coordinator
Samsville Home and Garden
IIIII

176. What is Ms. Castillo planning to bring to the
show?
(A) Pictures of gardens
(B) Sample trees and plants
(C) Sample project estimates
(D) Gardening tools
177. What is typically included in a booth
reservation?
(A) An exhibitor sign
(B) A parking permit
(C) An annual membership
(D) A directory of local vendors
178. When did Ms. Castillo most likely submit
her application?
(A) In January
(B) In February
(C) In March
(D) In April

179. What is suggested about Ms. Castillo?
(A) She works at Samsville Home and
Garden.
(B) She has lived in Samsville for ten
years.
(C) She requested an additional electrical
outlet.
(D) She will pay a reduced price for her
booth space.
180. Why does Mr. Conway make an exception
for Ms. Castillo?
(A) She is a past organizer for the event.
(B) She often participates in the show.
(C) She agreed to pay an extra fee.
(D) She submitted a very strong
application.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 6 193

Questions 181-185 refer to the following Web page and e-mail.

&
( http://www.projectelements.com ) (B f--
~~----~~--------------------------------------------------~

194
Team Plans I About Us I Resources I FAQ
All of your project management needs- All in one place- All online.
Project Elements LLC develops project management software for use in companies
both small and large. Our proprietary software will serve you from start to finish,
helping your teams to communicate, schedule, and manage information.
Team Basic
Get your team of five started with our Basic solution. Task management, file sharing,
and mobile accessibility will be at your fingertips. Add 100GB of online data storage
space in the cloud for a small additional fee.
Team Creative
This option is the best solution for small teams of up to 35 creative professionals. In
addition to all the Team Basic features, get video editing tools, graphic design software,
and 300 GB of cloud storage for all of your design needs.
Team Player
Teams of up to 50 excel with this enhanced service. Get all the features of Team Basic,
plus timelines, advanced integration with second-party platforms, and up to 400GB of
cloud space for your team.
Team Leader
This option is best for teams of up to 100. Get all of the features of Team Player, plus
enhanced options for personalization, resource tracking, time tracking, 500GB of cloud
space, and fast video uploads for a seamless team experience.
Need more convincing? We were recognized for our software quality with the Gold Star
Start-Up Awards by Work Winner Magazine two years in a row. To hear more about
Project Elements success stories, check out our cl ient testimonials in the About Us tab.

To: I ebennis@projectelements.com
From: I jasbury @clarelcommunications.com
Subject: I Project Elements Upgrade
Date: I December 5
Dear Mr. Bennis,
I am the new director of digital advertising for Clare! Communications. Robert Roust, the
former director, told me how valuable the Project Elements platform has been, and I want
to explore with you a potential change in Clarel's current plan. We are presently a team of
45 but anticipate growing to 55 members over the next year. The team likes the storage
feature, but they would be interested in a plan with more than 400 GB and better
personalization options. Is there a plan that will fit our needs?
Looking forward to hearing from you ,
Julia Asbury
Director of Digital Advertising
Clare! Communications

~

~

181. How would Project Elements software most
likely be used?
(A) For ordering products online
(B) For working together as a team
(C) For training new managers
(D) For monitoring social media posts
182. What is true about Project Elements LLC?
(A) It has received an industry award.
(B) It has been in business for over ten
years.
(C) It purchased Clarel Communications.
(D) It publishes a technology magazine.
183. Why was the e-mail sent?
(A) To register a product
(B) To request technical help with a product
(C) To explain a product registration issue
(D) To seek advice in choosing a product

184. Which product will Mr. Bennis probably
recommend?
(A) Team Basic
(B) Team Creative
(C) Team Player
(D) Team Leader
185. In the e-mail, the word "fit" in paragraph 1,
line 6, is closest in meaning to
(A) match
(B) agree to
(C) rely on
(D) adjust

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 6 195

Questions 186-190 refer to the following advertisement, e-mail, and form.

196
To:
Save 15 percent off our rates* during the month of July for travel within Ireland.

Compact Car €21
Standard Car €32
Full-Size Sedan €46
Van €52

Call 020 917 1212 or book online at www.ride-awayvehicles.co.ie.
*Price advertised is the daily rate for eligible drivers, inclusive of value-added tax
(VAT) and the basic protection plan. Additional fees may apply. Please contact a
Ride-Away Vehicles representative for more information.

II yayoiadachi@ jrengineering.co.jp
From: II info@rideawayvehicles.co.ie
Date: II 14 July
Subject: II Reservation confirmation - #122055
Dear Ms. Adachi,
Your car rental reservation is confirmed. Here are the details per the terms of your rental:
Pickup: 21 July, 9:00A.M. at Ride-Away Vehicles, Shannon Airport, Shannon, Ireland
Drop-Off: 29 July, 5:00 P.M. at Ride-Away Vehicles, Cork City Centre, Cork City, Ireland
Rate : €21 /day X 8 days = € 168 (includes unlimited mileage and navigational system/GPS)
Model: Colaba Seasider or similar
Important Information: The driver must present a valid driving licence at pickup .
Additional charges may apply for any changes to the reservation, including changes to the
pickup or drop-off date, time, or location. A €25 service fee will be assessed for vehicles
returned without a full tank of petrol in addition to the cost of fuel.
Thank you for choosing Ride-Away Vehicles. Please call 020 917 121 2 with any questions.
I
I
I
~

~

Ride-Away Vehicles Return Form

Completed By: Henry Riordan. Assistant Manager. Cork City Centre location
Driver Name: Yayoi Adachi Date/Time of Return: 29 July, 4:40 PM.
Model/Number Plate: Condition of Vehicle: No damage
Colaba Seasider. 161-C-45329
Gas Tank: Half full
~t'/Aiach' Iver's Signature

186. What is Ride-Away Vehicles advertising?
(A) A free day of rental
(B) A reduced daily rate
(C) A free upgrade to a larger vehicle
(D) A waiver of additional fees
187. What will happen on July 21 ?
(A) A promotion period will end.
(B) A confirmation will be sent.
(C) Ms. Adachi will be at Shannon Airport.
(D) Ms. Adachi will add a driver to her
contract.
188. What does the e-mail indicate about
Ride-Away Vehicles?
(A) They operate from multiple locations.
(B) They charge a fee for the use of a
GPS.
(C) They apply a discount on rentals one
week or longer.
(D) They receive payment before
confirming a reservation .

Odometer Reading:
33.763 ki lometers

189. What type of vehicle did Ms. Adachi rent?
(A) A compact car
(B) A standard car
(C) A full-size sedan
(D) A van
190. What is suggested about Ms. Adachi?
(A) She did not receive a GPS.
(B) She returned her car late.
(C) She did not get the car she requested.
(D) She will be charged a €25 service fee.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ...
TEST 6 197

Questions 191-195 refer to the following product description, online review, and online response.
+- -+ I http://www.stylero.com/printers/RD525 ,~

198
Home I Computers I Printers I Ink & Toner I Accessories I Support
Product: Stylero RD525 Three-in-One Printer
Price: Regularly $120.00 Now $99.99 (Offer valid March !-March 15)
Includes one complimentary Stylero-01 (black) ink cartridge with purchase! Stylero
color ink cartridges sold separately.
The RD525 is one of our most popular models: a wireless color printer, scanner, and
photocopier in one. It's perfect for everyday printing needs in homes, classrooms,
and small offices. Though compatible with many brands of ink cartridges, we
recommend our own Stylero-brand ink, which lasts up to twice as long as other
products. A three-year warranty is available for $7.95 .

[ http:/ /www.loveitorn ot. com/prod uctreviews/stylero/RD5 25
(April 3) I bought the Stylero RD525 last month for my home office. I give digital
photography lessons out of my home several nights per week and need easy access to
color prints for my students' work in my classes. I haven 't had any trouble with the
photocopier or scanner, and the quality of the prints is excellent in both color and in black
and white. However, I've been experiencing delays with the printer feature at times. There
is a five-minute lag between sending my prints from the computer and when the printing
actually begins. I can't use this device for instant prints in class, or I lose valuable class
time. I wish I'd bought a different printer, or at least bought the warranty to get it
repaired !
Alicia Boisvert

f----
...

l http :1 /www. love itornot. com/prod uctreviews/stylero/RD5 25
(April 5) I bought this printer for my classroom and noticed the same issue that
Ms. Boisvert described. There is a relatively simple fix though. Most printers go into
"sleep mode" to conserve energy between prints. If the length of time before entering
sleep mode is set for too short a time, there will be a delay between sending the photos
from the computer and the actual printing because the printer will need to warm up each
time. Make sure you adjust the sleep mode feature to wait at least an hour before going
to sleep. The instructions are in the manual. I always turn the printer on a few minutes
before class and it doesn't pose an issue. It's an easy adjustment and I think the RD525
is a good product for the price.
Antonio Thompson

191. What is indicated about the Stylero
RD525?
(A) It requires Stylero brand ink.
(B) It can function as a photocopier.
(C) It was sold at a discount for a month.
(D) It will be discontinued after March 15.
192. What did Ms. Boisvert most likely spend
additional money on?
(A) A monitor
(B) A three-year warranty
(C) A scanner
(D) Color ink cartridges
193. What does Ms. Boisvert say about the
Stylero RD525 ?
(A) It is durable.
(B) It produces good prints.
(C) It is expensive.
(D) It requires regular maintenance.

194. What is suggested about both Ms. Boisvert
and Mr. Thompson?
(A) They are teachers.
(B) They returned the Stylero RD525.
(C) They enjoy photography.
(D) They have printers at home.
195. What advice does Mr. Thompson give
regarding the Stylero RD525 ?
(A) Unplug it between uses.
(B) Replace its power button.
(C) Adjust one of its features.
(D) Turn it on an hour in advance.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 6 199

Questions 196-200 refer to the following chart, customer query, and notice to guests.

200

Baardsen Laundry Machine Series

Model Load Loading Automatic Pre-wash
Capacity Door Detergent Cycle

Position Dispenser
Lute 9 kg Front Yes No
Xenon 10 kg Front No No
Indium 12 kg Front Yes Yes
Mercury 14 kg Front Yes Yes
Note: Baardsen washers with a load size greater than 10 kg are outfitted with Fluxstat
water-saving technology.

Issue with Baardsen
Posted by: Patricia Canton
I bought my Baardsen washing machine five months ago for use at my bed and
breakfast inn. Overall, I have been satisfied with the appliance features. The extra
rinse cycle is helpful for guests who are sensitive to chemicals or perfumes in
laundry detergent. I needed a washer with the largest capacity so it could handle my
typical volume of bed linens and towels. The main issue with my machine has been
an annoying banging sound. It happens sometimes when the guests use the machine.
It is a problem because the laundry room is situated just off the patio where guests
often dine. I sent a message to the company asking for help and they informed me
that the load needs to be evenly distributed in the wash tub. But that didn't prove to
be the source of the problem. How can I get rid of this noise?

...

-
~

Patty's Bed and Breakfast Guest Services:
Kitchen:
Enjoy the lovely spring weather by taking your breakfast, served between
8:00 and 9:30 A.M ., on the patio. We offer self-service for coffee and tea around
the clock. The household coffeemaker and tea kettle are next to the stove, and
supplies are stored in the cupboard nearby.
Laundry Room:
Fresh towels are provided daily and bed linens are changed weekly. If you
would like to use the washing machine, please choose the eco-saving setting.
Select your preferred temperature and power setting. When adding detergent
make sure the detergent drawer is closed tightly before you start the machine. If
not properly secured, it may open during the rinse cycle and cause a bothersome
noise. Also, the extra-rinse option is recommended if you have any sensitivity to
laundry soap.
Patricia Canton, Proprietor

196. According to the chart, what is true about all
Baardsen laundry-machine models?

199. According to the notice, what is available to
guests at any time?

(A) They use the same water-saving
feature.
(B) They are energy efficient.
(C) They release laundry detergent
automatically.
(D) They are loaded through a door on the
front of the appliance.
197. What washing machine model did
Ms. Canton most likely purchase?
(A) Lute
(B) Xenon
(C) Indium
(D) Mercury
198. According to Ms. Canton's query, when is a
noise particularly annoying?
(A) When she uses the machine
(B) When guests of the inn are sleeping
(C) When guests of the inn are eating
(D) When the laundry dryer is also running

(A) Fresh towels
(B) Hot beverages
(C) Box lunches
(D) Refrigerators in guest rooms
200. What advice did Ms. Canton most likely
receive as a reply to her query?
(A) Avoid overloading the washing
machine.
(B) Always use the water-saving setting.
(C) Always select the extra-rinse feature.
(D) Ensure that the soap drawer is firmly
closed.

Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go

back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.

TEST 6 201

71!: TEST

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PARTS
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

101. If ------- are not satisfied with an item, return 105. Mr. Hodges ------- that volunteers sign up to
it for a full refund within 30 days of assist with the Hannock River cleanup by
purchase. Friday.
(A) you (A) requesting
(B) your (B) to be requested
(C) yours (C) requests
(D) yourself (D) to request
102. The location of next month's online gaming 106. Last year, the Daejeon English News -------
forum is yet to be -------. the number of readers by adding a digital
(A) concluded subscription option.
(B) prevented (A) needed
(C) invited (B) increased
(D) decided (C) joined
(D) asked

103. Guests were ------- with the table
decorations for the company banquet. 107. Before the updated design can go into
(A) impressive -------, it must be approved by management.
(B) impressed (A) product
(C) impressing (B) producer
(D) impressively (C) productive
(D) production

104. The Shubert Company is ------- effective at
helping power plants reduce their carbon 108. The economic development summit will be
dioxide emissions. held ------- the Xi'an Trade Tower on
(A) once September 22.
(B) far (A) to
(C) early (B) at
(D) very (C) down
(D) of

204

109. Inclement weather was ------- responsible for 11 5. Despite ------- that Legend Air would perform
the low turnout at Saturday's Exton Music poorly with the entry of cheaper competition ,
Festival. it posted strong second-quarter earnings.
(A) largely (A) predicted
(B) large (B) predictable
(C) largest (C) predicts
(D) larger (D) predictions
110. Our most recent survey was sent to clients 116. Mr. Nigam was ------- retirement when his
just last week, ------- it is too soon to send boss asked him to be the head of security at
another one. the new facility.
(A) when (A) under
(B) since (B) ahead of
(C) so (C) nearby
(D) finally (D) close to
111. ------- necklace that is shipped from Gillis 117. Main Street Restaurant offers a menu of
Designers is given a thorough quality check. ------- prepared lunch and dinner meals.
(A) Whenever (A) thought
(B) Also (B) thoughtfulness
(C) All (C) thoughts
(D) Each (D) thoughtfully
11 2. Ms. Valdez' sales numbers are good ------- 118. ------- our public relations manager,
for her to be considered for the Ms. Ghazarian has just been appointed vice
employee-of-the-month award. president of media relations.
(A) forward (A) Sincerely
(B) even (B) Immediately
(C) ahead (C) Solely
(D) enough (D) Formerly
11 3. Aaron Park's new book features 119. Videos of Korean pop music have become
photographs of homes designed and built by very popular ------- adolescents worldwide.
the homeowners -------. (A) including
(A) itself (B) whereas
(B) himself (C) among
(C) themselves (D) within
(D) ourselves

120. Milante Shoes ------- altered the firm 's
11 4. It is ------- for the audience to hold its marketing strategy after a recent economic
applause until the speaker has finished . shift.
(A) enthusiastic (A) quick
(B) casual (B) quickest
(C) exclusive (C) quickly
(D) customary (D) quicken

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ...
TEST 7 205

121. The annual report has been posted online,
------- the director's office has not yet
received a printed copy.
(A) but
(B) why
(C) with
(D) once
122. Hasin Fariz turned a study on the -------
effects of sleep into a best-selling book.
(A) favorable
(B) favor
(C) favors
(D) favorably
123. Wynston Containers is ------- a yearly
shutdown of its factory so that it can be
evaluated for safety and efficiency.
(A) involving
(B) participating
(C) implementing
(D) producing
124. The Girard Botanical Archive has almost
300,000 plant -------, all neatly pressed onto
archival paper.
(A) authorities
(B) specimens
(C) founders
(D) specifics
125. Hotels and universities are ------- to recycle
their used mattresses through the city's
recycling program.
(A) systematic
(B) eligible
(C) familiar
(D) successful

206

126. The ------- to review plans to replace the
Tronton Bridge will be scheduled soon.
(A) heard
(B) hears
(C) hearing
(D) hear
127. Kovox Ltd. aims to optimize quality -------
reducing the impact on the environment.
(A) which
(B) while
(C) because
(D) unless
128. The grocery store ------- vegetables from out
of town until local prices went down last
month.
(A) is buying
(B) will be buying
(C) has been buying
(D) had been buying
129. All Hershel Industries employees must have
a valid ID card ------- enter the building.
(A) in order to
(B) as long as
(C) regarding
(D) always
130. ------- and cost factored equally in choosing
Cantavox as our main supplier.
(A) Reliability
(B) Allowance
(C) Dependence
(D) Estimation

PARTS
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 131-134 refer to the following letter.
Dear PGD Account Holder,
PGD Bank strives ------- the highest levels of client security and service. This applies not only to

131.

online- and telephone-based services, but also to our brick-and-mortar locations. Our three
branch offices have proudly been a part of the community------- a combined total of 40 years. 132.
To assist you even better in the future, our Smithville branch will be temporarily closed for
renovations July 8-22. ------- . In the meantime, our other two regional branches in Pine Grove and

133.

Bradford will maintain normal business ------- . We value your feedback and will respond to any 134.
concerns that you may have as soon as possible.
Sincerely,
Edwin Chen, Operations Manager
PGD Bank

131. (A) to provide
(B) provided
(C) providing
(D) to be provided
132. (A) except
(B) amid
(C) near
(D) for
133. (A) Unfortunately, services will be limited.
(B) We thank you for trusting in PGD Bank
over these years.
(C) We apologize for any inconvenience
this may cause.
(D) Traffic on the boulevard has increased
lately.

134. (A) investments
(B) hiring
(C) hours
(D) interests

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 7 207

Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.

To: Samuel Archerson <sarcherson@vona.co.uk>
From: James Darrers <jdarrers@sky.co.uk>
Date: 1 0 January
Subject: Cost Accountant position
Dear Mr. Archerson,
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me today. I ------- our conversation, and I remain very 135.
interested in the position of cost accountant. I would welcome the opportunity to return for the
third and final round of ------- . 136.
I am confident my years of accounting experience would benefit your firm. As discussed, over the
last ten years, I have helped many companies save a ------- amount of money. I am especially 137.
adept at analysing the day-to-day operations of a business and helping to determine more
cost-effective methods.
I checked regarding your question about a potential start date. ------- . I hope to hear from you in

138.

the near future.
Sincerely,
James Darrers

135. (A) enjoy
(B) enjoyed
(C) enjoying
(D) will enjoy
136. (A) revisions
(B) promotions
(C) interviews
(D) receptions
137. (A) substance
(B) substantiate
(C) substantially
(D) substantial

208

138. (A) I have four additional questions to ask
you.
(B) I would be able to begin during the first
week of February.
(C) I am confident I have the potential for this
position.
(D) Thank you for the offer of employment.

Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.

To: Mason Wu <mwu@wustudios.co.nz>
From: Trent Tuiloma <ttuiloma@canterburyairport.co.nz>
Subject: Canterbury Airport project
Date: Monday, 2 July
Dear Mr. Wu,
Thank you for agreeing to consult on the Canterbury Airport redesign project. ------- . As a result, 139.
I am particularly eager to hear your ideas about upgrading our main terminal.
Can we meet this week? There are a number of -----0

-- restaurants near my office. If you are
14 .

available this Friday, we could meet at Celia's Cafe on Cumberland Street. I would also like
a few of my colleagues to ------- us. They would appreciate ----.-- ways to enhance the airport 141. 142.
user's experience.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Sincerely,
Trent Tuiloma
Chairman, Canterbury Airport Redesign Team

139. (A) I can meet you when you arrive.
(B) Scheduling flights can be quite tricky.
(C) I have long admired your work on
regional airports.
(D) There are several dining options at the
airport.
140. (A) excel
(B) excellent
(C) excellently
(D) excelled

141. (A) join
(B) pay
(C) remind
(D) defend
142. (A) to discuss
(B) discussing
(C) discuss
(D) discussed

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 7 209

Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.

SHIRESBERRY (February 15)- The second annual Shiresberry Film Festival begins on April 18
and ------- for five weeks. This year's offerings will not be limited to entries from North America and
143.
Europe. We will also be presenting -------from Asia and South America. And everyone's favorite

144.

feature from last year's festival will be back: directors and screenwriters will hold
question-and-answer sessions after their films' initial screening. Make sure you do not miss this
--
1
-
4
--
5
-- event. Tickets always sell out quickly. ------- . Shiresberry Film Club members can now . 146.
purchase priority tickets. Visit the Shiresberry Theater box office or www.shiresberrytheater.com.

143. (A) run 146. (A) The awards will be presented by
(B) has run Hunter Johns.
(C) will run
(D) ran
144. (A) movies
(B) clothing
(C) food
(D) books
145. (A) political

210
(B) popular
(C) practical
(D) preliminary

(B) Renovations to the space are nearly
complete.
(C) The later offerings were an even
bigger success.
(D) Sales are open to the general public
on March 3.

PART7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.

Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.

Sedwick Electronics Hiring Event

March 2,10 A.M.-5 P.M.
22 Myer Stt·eet, Hanover, PA 17331

Sedwick Electronics is opening a new manufacturing facility in Hanover, Pennsylvania,
and we need to fill many positions. We offer a wonderful work environment and great
benefits to our employees.
Come to the event and hear from employees from our Lancaster facility about their
experience, learn about the open positions, and speak with our recruiters. No RSVP
is necessary. Bring copies of your resume.

147. For whom is the advertisement intended?
(A) Recruiters
(B) Job seekers
(C) Local business owners
(D) Current Sedwick Electronics employees

148. What is stated about Sedwick Electronics?
(A) It is moving its headquarters.
(B) It offers a training program for new
employees.
(C) It requires employees to wear uniforms.
(D) It will have more than one location.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 7 211

Questions 149-150 refer to the following notice.

Aguni Plumbing Supply Returns

Beginning March 1 at all Aguni Plumbing Supply locations, customers
will be able to come to our stores to return purchases made online. For
a complete refund, the return must be made within 30 days of purchase
and must be accompanied by a receipt. In addition, the merchandise
must be returned in the original packaging, and all components must
be included. After 30 days, refunds will be limited to in-store credit only.
Defective items may be exchanged for the same item only.

149. What will happen on March 1 ? 150. What is NOT a requirement for a complete

refund?

212
(A) A shipment will be returned .
(B) A new policy will go into effect.
(C) A promotional sale will take place.
(D) A customer survey will be published.

(A) The return must be made at the original
purchase location.
(B) The return must be made within a
certain time frame.
(C) The item must be returned with all its
components.
(D) The item must be returned in the
original packaging.

Questions 151-152 refer to the following information.

Springfield Community School

Computer Courses

Internet Safety
This course teaches students everything they need to navigate the
Web safely.
Course ID Class Time Instructor Room
249800:01 Tuesday 5:30-7:30 PM. Patrick McCann 211
249800:02 Saturday 1 :00-3:00 PM. Nora Farid 166
Spreadsheet Basics
This course teaches the basics of online spreadsheets. Students will learn
how to create effective charts for calculating and analyzing data clearly
and easily.
Course ID Class Time Instructor Room
225810:01 Thursday 5:30- 8:30 PM. Remi Sanders 118
225810:02 Sunday 1 :00-4:00 PM. Nora Farid 315

151. Why would people enroll in the course
taught by Ms. Sanders?
(A) To practice designing Web sites

152. What is indicated about Ms. Farid?
(A) She also teaches children.
(B) She is Ms. Sanders' supervisor.
(C) She teaches twice a week.
A

I--
T

(B) To improve their Internet searches
(C) To get tips on creating spreadsheets
(D) To learn how to advertise on the

(D) She used to work as a data analyst.

Internet

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 7 213

Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.

• ••

/Sally Witham (4:47 P.M.)
Hi Wakiko. I just finished up here at
the Kyoto store. I'll be on the train
that arrives in Tokyo at 11:35 tomorrow
morning. How should I get to your
location? ~
Wakiko Ohara (4:48 P.M.)
I'll have an associate pick you up at the
station. How do things look in Kyoto? ~
Sally Witham (4:49 P.M.)
The Kyoto store is doing a great job.
It has everything that we at the home
office are looking for. Athletic shoes
and sandals are displayed according to
specifications, and sales associates are
L friendly and knowledgeable.
Wakiko Ohara (4:51 P.M.) '·
You should like things here, too. Do
you want to begin your visit after lunch,
say at 2:00? ~ 1 Sally Witham (4:52 P.M.)
Sounds good. See you tomorrow. 1-"-

214

153. Why did Ms. Witham contact Ms. Ohara?
(A) To review sales figures
(B) To arrange a store visit
(C) To discuss employee performance
reviews
(D) To determine the most convenient train
to take

154. At 4:51 P.M., what does Ms. Ohara most
likely mean when she writes, "You should
like things here, too"?
(A) The Tokyo store is being run according
to corporate policy.
(B) Ms. Witham will find the athletic shoes
she needs.
(C) Ms. Ohara's associate is always
punctual.
(D) The Tokyo store is located next to a
popular restaurant.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST7 215

Questions 155-157 refer to the following report.
Structure: Blaine River Drawbridge Location: Ridgeline Highway, KM 147
Main span material: Steel girder Owner: State Highway Agency
Age of structure: 30 years Report completed by: Vivian Tulio

Date: October 17

Notes:
The bridge is overall structurally sound. Inform Department of Transportation about
small cracks in asphalt.
Bridge component Rating
Support elements 4
Towers 4
Road surface 3
Drainage features 4
Safety barriers 5
Sidewalk or walkway 6

155. What did Ms. Tulia most likely do?
(A) Make repairs
(B) Hire a contractor
(C) Perform an inspection
(D) Authorize a construction plan
156. What part of the structure is in most need of
maintenance?

216
(A) The support elements
(B) The road surface
(C) The drainage features
(D) The safety barriers

Key to ratings
1 Failed; immediate closure required
2 Deteriorated; may fail soon
3 Shows deterioration but still functions within
acceptable parameters
4 Shows minor wear
5 New condition
6 Not applicable

157. What is probably true about the Blaine
River Drawbridge?
(A) It was not designed for pedestrian use.
(B) It will be closed for the month of
October.
(C) It does not have the required signage.
(D) It is the oldest bridge on the Ridgeline
Highway.

Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
Subway Sound to be Upgraded
BOSTON (April 1 )-The public address
systems at selected subway stations are
scheduled to be refurbished, the Transit
Authority announced this week. The systems
are used to make announcements to
commuters both on the platforms and in the
stations.
Local commuters welcomed the news,
although for some it was long overdue.
"It can be pretty difficult to understand
the announcements at some of the stations I
use most frequently," said Ian Miller, who
has taken the subway to work nearly every
week for the past eighteen years. "I had

158. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To clarify where subway riders can
locate information
(B) To describe improvements at some
subway stations
(C) To announce the creation of a new
subway line
(D) To explain why subway schedules will
be revised

159. How does Mr. Miller feel about the plans?
(A) He expects the project to fail.
(B) He is concerned about the cost.
(C) He believes the work is unnecessary.
(D) He has been waiting for the changes.

heard the reports about it on TV, and all I can
say is that it is about time!"
Some of the systems currently in use are
more than 30 years old. Worn-out speakers,
wiring, microphones, and amplifiers will be
replaced with new, more reliable devices.
The work should be completed in October
and cost more than $11 million.
Boston's subway system came together
in stages over the course of several years.
The foundational component of the system's
Green Line first opened on Tremont Street in
the late 1890s. It was the first of its kind in
the United States.

160. The word "stages" in paragraph 5, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) steps
(B) scenes
(C) train cars
(D) platforms

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST? 217

Questions 161-163 refer to the following e-mail.
To: I All Staff I
From: I Selene Hong I
Date: I March 25 I
Subject: I Reminder I
Dear Staff, ~
I would like to draw your attention to several new procedures regarding business trip
expense reports. - [1] -. Beginning next month, business-related dining receipts must be
accompanied by a listing of each dinner attendee. Also, please make sure that you do not
include receipts for any non-work-related items or activities with your report. - [2] - .
Finally, note that our accounting software will now automatically calculate for you the
total to be reimbursed. You need only to upload images of your receipts for the software to
do this.
I will be happy to respond to your questions. - [3] -. However, I will be flying to Tokyo
this Friday to meet clients, so I will not be checking e-mail that day. - [4) - .
Sincerely,
Selene Hong
Assistant Director, Human Resources Department
Datoric Systems ~

161. What is indicated about Datoric Systems? ·
(A) It has increased the spending amount
allowed for business dinners.

163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?

(B) It will adopt new procedures for filing
travel expense reports.
(C) It has office locations in several
countries.
(D) It plans to hold a company celebration .
162. Why is the accounting software mentioned?
(A) To highlight a special capability it has
(B) To encourage staff to install it
(C) To help employees log on to it
(D) To point out that it will be replaced

218

"Following these steps will enable us to
quickly issue your reimbursement
payment."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
E-Commerce Opening Doors for
African Fashion Industry
ADDIS ABABA (6 May)- Africa's role as a
consumer of fashion has been on the rise in
recent years. This trend is largely due to the
emergence of e-commerce, which provides
Africans the opportunity to buy clothing
from retailers with no physical presence on
the continent.
Perhaps more importantly, though, the

growth of e-commerce is enabling small-
scale African designers to also become

producers of fashion, as they showcase their
collections to consumers worldwide. African
shopping Web sites like Jumjum and Longa
are making the work of African designers
available for purchase not just throughout
the continent, but also as far away as London
and New York. - [1] -.
"African designers are finally gaining
visibility," says Mazaa Absher, founder of

164. What is the main topic of the article?
(A) New trends in marketing athletic
footwear
(B) Increased competition in the African
clothing market
(C) Recent growth in the African fashion
industry
(D) The largest clothing companies in
Africa
165. What is indicated about Abbi Sportscore?
(A) It sells its products only online.
(B) It manufactures its shoes in Nazret.
(C) It will be moving its main offices soon.
(D) It was the first shoe company in
Ethiopia.

Abbi Sportscore, Afri ca's fastest-growing
athletic footwear company. "We have always
had terrific design and production capacity
here on the continent, but it was hard getting
it out into the world. Now we are generating
more sales online than we are in our stores."
- [2] - .
Even as Ms. Absher has transformed her
company into an international powerhouse,
she continues to highlight the advantages of
manufacturing its products in her home city
of Nazret. - [3] - . Africa's strong textile
sector and innovative designs combine
tradition and wearability, and this formula is
allowing companies like hers to set their
sights beyond the continent.
"As more cities in Ethiopia-and all
over Africa- improve their manufacturing
capacity, it will become easier to reach the
rest of the world," says Ms. Absher.
- [4] -.

166. What is suggested about the Jumjum and
Longa Web sites?
(A) They sell only handcrafted goods.
(B) They receive orders from around the
world.
(C) They offer free shipping to London and
New York.
(D) They are planning to open retail stores.
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and (4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The city boasts four garment factories, with
a fifth scheduled to be built this year in
nearby Wonji."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 7 219

Questions 168-171 refer to the following text-message chain.

Gary Park (10:23 A.M.)
I e-mailed you the cover design for our September issue a few minutes ago.
Did you receive it?
Jill Riley (10:26 A.M.)
Yes, but is this the latest version? I thought we agreed that the background
color should be lighter so the article titles are more visible.
Gary Park (10:28 A.M.)
I forgot-sorry about that! I'm just now sending the fi le with the most recent
version.
Jill Riley (10:30 A.M.)
Opening it now ... That's more like it. I'll forward it to Graphics and request
a sample printout.
Jill Riley (10:35 A.M.)
Good morning, Mr. Ojeda. Our new cover design is ready. When do you
think you'll have a chance to work on it?
Frank Ojeda (10:38 A.M.)
Send it to me now. I'll have a print copy ready for your approval after lunch.

0

168. Where do the people most likely work?
(A) At a bookstore

170. At 10:30 A.M., what does Ms. Riley most
likely mean when she writes, "That's more

like it"? (B) At a public library
(C) At a television studio
(D) At a magazine publisher
169. Why does Mr. Park apologize?
(A) He sent the wrong file.

220
(B) He used an old e-mail address.
(C) He missed a project deadline.
(D) He lost an important document.

(A) The budget is more reasonable.
(B) The color looks better.
(C) The story is more interesting.
(D) The schedule is more realistic.
171. What will Mr. Ojeda do by the afternoon?
(A) Approve a marketing plan
(B) Produce a sample
(C) Repair a printer
(D) Make copies of an agreement

Questions 172-175 refer to the following letter.
8 February
Ms. Mala Chelvi
60 J alan Tun Razak
54200 Kuala Lumpur
Dear Ms. Chelvi,
We are delighted to inform you that you have been nominated as a finalist for the
Small Business Challenge competition this year. Now in its fifth year, this
competition is designed to highlight innovative products and services launched by
young entrepreneurs. The Web application that you developed, which provides a
means of matching charitable organizations with volunteers, earned one of the top
scores from our panel of judges.
In the next round of the challenge, you will participate in a live presentation about
your product before a panel of expert judges. The three people with the best
presentations will receive one-time grants of MYR 10,000 each to invest in their
businesses.
Please go to sbc.org/competition and submit an outline of your presentation, a brief
video that clearly illustrates the use of your application, and a passport-sized
photograph of yourself. You will also need to sign a consent form allowing us to use
your name and photo, if needed, in promotional materials on our Web site. The
deadline for submission of these materials is 10 March.
Best regards,
F clMv PCf.A!lfY
Felix Pang
Chairperson, Small Business Challenge Committee

172. What is the purpose of the letter?
(A) To seek volunteers for an event
(B) To notify a contest finalist
(C) To sell business consultation services
(D) To offer a small-business loan
173. What does Ms. Chelvi most likely
specialize in?
(A) Law
(B) Technology
(C) Finance
(D) Marketing
17 4. The word "illustrates" in paragraph 3, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) represents
(B) translates
(C) lightens
(D) decorates

175. What is Ms. Chelvi asked to do by
March 10?
(A) Update a Web page design
(B) Give a presentation
(C) Sign a consent form
(D) Pay a fee

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 7 221

Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and receipt.

222
To: I riedewald@ parasur.net.sr
From: I client services@ mhf.ca
Date: I April 2, 12:21 P.M.
Subject: I Your feedback
Dear Mr. Riedewald,
Thank you for filling out the McMann Home Furnishings (MHF) survey. To show our
appreciation, we have added reward points to your account. They can be applied to the
purchase of products offered online as well as those offered in our retail stores. Clearance
items and those priced $15.00 and above may not be purchased using credits.
To use your reward points for an online purchase, select the items you would like to
purchase and then check out. At the bottom of the page, select "Apply credits." The value
of the applied credits will appear on your order receipt as a special discount.
If you would prefer to use reward points at one of our retail locations, you can do so by
logging in to your account on our Web site. Go to the My Rewards page, and then select
"Print as a coupon." The coupon will have a bar code that can be scanned at the store's
checkout counter.
Sincerely,
Client Services, McMann Home Furnishings

Online Order #1157
McMann Home Furnishings Store
March 19, 11:31 A.M.
Hand-Painted Picture Frame
Quantity: 1
Price: 10.00
Special Discount: -10.00
Sai lboat Ceramic Mug
Quantity: 4
Price: 40.00
Clearance Discount: -20.00
Floral Blanket
Quantity: 1
Price: 25.00
Photo Album
Quantity: 1
Price: 34.00
Seasona l Item Di scount: -17.00
Item total: 62.00
Shipping: Free
Total: 62.00

w

iYl

176. According to the e-mail, how did
Mr. Riedewald receive reward points?
(A) He won an online contest.
(B) He participated in a customer survey.
(C) He spent a certain amount of money.
(D) He returned an item.
177. In the e-mail, the phrase "filling out" in
paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) emptying
(B) supplying
(C) completing
(D) expanding
178. How can customers apply their reward
points in an MHF retail store?
(A) By entering their account number
(B) By entering their phone number
(C) By scanning a coupon's bar code
(D) By going to the Client Services
Department

179. According to the receipt, what is true about
Mr. Riedewald?
(A) He paid for delivery of the items.
(B) He purchased the items in the evening.
(C) He paid over $70 for all items combined.
(D) He purchased only one item at regular
price.
180. What item did Mr. Riedewald most likely
purchase using reward credits?
(A) The picture frame
(B) The ceramic mug
(C) The floral blanket
(D) The photo album

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 7 223

Questions 181-185 refer to the following letter and order.
Two Swan Press
72 Holywell Road, Edinburgh EH8 8PJ

4 December
Mr. Albert Morello
17 Peyton Avenue
Kingston 5
Jamaica, W.I.
Dear Mr. Morello:
Enclosed please find your royalty payment for Understanding Our Oceans. You should
have recently received an e-mail that listed the sales figures and the royalties due to
you for the print and electronic versions of your book.
We are proud to announce that Two Swan Press was given the Publisher of the Year
Award by the UK Book Industry in October. We thank the authors who have worked
with us since our founding five years ago.
All Two Swan Press authors are entitled to an author discount of 40 percent off any
title on our Web site. Simply use the code AUX1417 for your discount.
If you have any questions at all, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Kind regards,
Set¥cilrv W~
Sarah Wicklin
Encl.

~ ["8 [ https://www.twoswanpress.eo.uk/orderconfirmation
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER!
Special December Offer-free shipping on all orders over £35
Name: I Duncan Booth ~
E-mail: I mbooth@silvertech.co. uk J
Date of purchase: I 12 December
Ship to: Duncan Booth
321 Maslin St.
Coatbridge ML5 1 LZ, Scotland, UK
_ 1 _ Business in Our Lives by Elaine Schuyler £75 .00
Discount Applied (AUX 141 7) -30.00
Balance Due £45.00
Paid by Credit Card *':'**5732

I • J
... -

Items from multiple orders may be combined in the same package. We will notify you
when your order has shipped. f--
~

224

181. What is a purpose of the letter?
(A) To ask Mr. Morello to write a book
(B) To explain an enclosed contract
(C) To notify Mr. Morello of a payment
(D) To describe an updated personnel
policy
182. What was sent in a previous message to
Mr. Morello?
(A) Incorrect contact information
(B) Detailed sales numbers
(C) A list of suggested changes
(D) A link to an electronic book
183. What does Ms. Wicklin mention about Two
Swan Press?
(A) It moved to a new location in October.
(B) It has launched a new program for its
fifth anniversary.
(C) It has won an industry award.
(D) It has decided to focus on scientific
publications.

184. What is suggested about Mr. Booth?
(A) He is a Two Swan Press author.
(B) He wrote Business in Our Lives.
(C) He is an acquaintance of Mr. Morello.
(D) He has purchased items from Two
Swan Press before.
185. What is indicated about the order?
(A) It has been delayed.
(B) It has not yet been paid.
(C) It contains multiple books.
(D) It includes free shipping.

GOON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 7 225

Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail, form, and article.

226
To: II All Staff
From: II Personnel Department
Date: ll June 20
Subject: II Mentoring Program
Attachment: II @ AJ2J2lication
Employees who have been with Broadside Electronics for less than eighteen months are
invited to apply to participate in a new mentoring program that will match a maximum of
ten junior employees with long-term company veterans. The goal is that junior employees
will sharpen corporate skills, better understand company culture, and develop a more
focused career path. Mentees will be assigned to a mentor based strictly on their work
assignment and professional interests. The pairs will meet at mutually convenient times
throughout the year, from three to five hours per month.
To be considered fo r participation in this initiative, complete the attached application and
return to Mentoring Program Director Tim Wrigley at t.wrigley@broadsideelec.com by
July I. Mr. Wrigley will send notification of his selections by July 15.

MENTO RING PROGRAM APPLICATION

Name: Cora Drummond
Division: =-===------- Sales
Professional areas of interest:

Extension: 144 .::....:..-=----

I am most interested in learning about our markets abroad and developing
my sales-presentation abilities for these international markets. I am alsointerested in general career guidance.
Best workdays and times for meeting:
Any weekday morning except Monday.

I
I
I
I
~

~

The Broadside Company Newsletter
Mentoring Program Sees Results
Long-time employee and Vice President of Sales Alena Russo was
intrigued when a Personnel Department director approached her
about mentoring a less experienced employee under a program that
began last year. She is glad to have accepted the assignment. "After
working with Ms. Drummond, I am more satisfied with my own
duties, because I know I have helped a professional who is just
getting started. I only wish that I had had someone looking out for
me in my earl y years," remarked Ms. Russo.
Ms. Drummond explains that she "needed pointers on how to make
better sales pitches." She reports that her sales are up by 20 percent
now. She better understands the opportunities Broadside Electroni cs
has to offer and what is required to become a manager. "Thanks to
Ms. Russo, I have been able to define my career goals, and I am a
happier person when I arrive to work every day."
New mentorship pairs are now being formed. Interested parties
should contact Tim Wrigley in the Personnel Department.

186. What does the e-mai l indicate about the
mentoring program?
(A) It is popular industry-wide.
(B) The number of participants is limited.
(C) It is designed for staff in the sales
division.
(D) Participants must attend an orientation
meeting.

187. How will the junior employees most likely ·
be selected?
(A) They will be chosen from a
management-training group.
(B) They will undergo competitive
interviews.
(C) They will be evaluated by Mr. Wrigley.
(D) They will be recommended by a local
business school.

188. What is suggested about Ms. Drummond?
(A) She has worked at Broadside
Electronics for less than eighteen
months.
(B) She has just transferred from another
department.
(C) She has received a positive annual
review.
(D) She has made many successful
presentations abroad.

189. What is most likely true about Ms. Russo?
(A) She is planning to retire soon.
(B) She has international sales experience.
(C) She has mentored many junior
employees.
(D) She recently joined the hiring team.
190. What benefit from the mentoring program
have both Ms. Drummond and Ms. Russo
enjoyed?
(A) Increased job satisfaction
(B) Quick promotions
(C) Paycheck bonuses
(D) Clearer career goals

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE •
TEST 7 227

Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web site, online form , and e-mail.
[ https://www.runklefencing.co .uk 18

228

Home I Temporary I Residential I Commercial
Temporary Fencing Service
Need a temporary fence installed at your residence, workplace, or special event? Our
expert team will deliver and install chai n-link fe ncing on the booked date and time.
When the fence is no longer needed, we will take it down and haul it away. Like our
residential and commercial fencing, our temporary fences are obtained from the best
manufacturers using the finest materials. Our fences have a tidy, sturdy, professional
appearance that local residents and businesses appreciate. We also see to all legally
required inspections and certifications.
Ready for a price quote? Contact us today via our Online Quote service. Be sure to
provide the fo llowing information so we can provide an accurate estimate:
1. The preferred height of your fence (Be aware that local regulations commonly
allow a maximum height of three metres.)
2. The perimeter of the area you need to enclose
3. The number of gated entrances needed
4. The number of days the fence needs to be up

Name: Marg uerite Carhart Phone: (0117) 555-9102
Installation Address: 438 Stretford Way/ Bristol BS5 7TB
E-mail: mcarhart@stockporteventcentre.co.uk
Today's date: 8 Augu st
Fence Details:
I need a temporary three-metre-tall fence installed around the Stockport
Event Centre within the next two weeks. This is to prevent the public from
entering while we make renovations from 18 to 30 August. Two gates are
needed so that workers and vehicles may enter and leave the location.

"' c--

f--
...

r--"'

1--
...

To: II mcarhart@stockporteventcentre.co.uk
From: II hmontalbo@ runklefencing.co. uk
Date: II 9 August
Subject: II Quote Number 080817
Attachment: II lffi fenceguote mcarhart
Dear Ms. Carhart, ~
Thank you for your enquiry. Please see the attached estimate for the work you requested.
Note that the price of delivery is included at no further charge unless a rush order-one
providing less than three weeks' notice-is required. This is a rough estimate based on the
information you provided. If you ring us at (0117) 555-2938 and provide us with a missing
detail, I can give you a more accurate quote.
You might also consider including a plastic curtain with your order. This would be
wrapped around and fastened to the fence, hiding the construction site from the view of
pedestrians. If this interests you, we can include it in the revised quote.
Best Regards,
Howard Montalbo

191. What does the Web site indicate about
fences taller than three meters?
(A) They are made of plastic.
(B) They are usually prohibited by law.
(C) They require special transportation.
(D) They must be ordered directly from the
manufacturer.

192. According to the form, why does
Ms. Carhart need a temporary fence
installed?
(A) To mark a property line
(B) To draw attention to an exhibit
(C) To control a crowd at a special event
(D) To limit public access to a work site
193. What information does Ms. Carhart fail to
give about the fence she needs?
(A) The height of the fence to be erected
(B) The dates when the fence is needed
(C) The perimeter of the area to be
enclosed
(D) The number of entrances needed

~

194. What is implied about Ms. Carhart's fence
project?
(A) There will be a charge for delivery.
(B) The project involves work at several job
sites.
(C) Extra workers must be hired to install
the fence.
(D) Inspectors must first approve the
project.
195. Why does Mr. Montalbo recommend adding
a curtain?
(A) It would act as a noise barrier.
(B) It would help keep in dust.
(C) It would serve as a visual screen.
(D) It would improve safety conditions.

GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE ..
TEST 7 229

Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mai l, flyer, and schedule.

230
To: I Dani el Rodrigues Pereira
From: I Livia Romero
Subject: I Company outing
Date: I August 5
Hello Daniel,
I hope you are settling in well. I'm sure you have had a busy few weeks. Around this time
of year, the office manager typicall y begins arranging our annual company outing. I think
we mentioned this during your interview in June. Prev iously, we have done th ings like
going to a concert and taking a local river cruise. The outing is always great for morale,
and everyone looks forward to it.
This year, I think it wou ld be a good idea to get tickets to a sporting event. I know that
many staff members are fans of the San Jose Starlings baseball team. It should be an
evening game when the team is playi ng at home. We have a budget of $600.00 this year.
Looking at the ticket prices, it seems that wi ll be just enough to get a ticket for every staff
member.
I'm sure Elise can assist you with this; she has often helped organize the outings. Let me
know if you have any questions.
Best,
Livia Romero
Director of Administration, Loftgren Consulting

Plan your next event with the San Jose Starlings!
Discounted tickets are avai lable for groups often or more. The more tickets
you buy, the more you save - perfect for fam ily gatherings, company outings,
or charity fund-raisers! Get perks such as free tickets for the organizer,
discounts on food, and your group's name displayed on the scoreboard.
Group Ticket Pricing
1 0 tickets $130.00
30 t ickets $360.00
50 tickets $550.00
70 tickets $700.00
Contact grouptickets@sanjosestarlings.com or ca ll 408-555-0101 for
more information.

~

tJ

San Jose Starlings@
August Schedule - -

-
Date Day Time Opposing Team Home or Away
August 13 Sunday 1:05 P.M. Aspen Monarchs Home
August 15 Tuesday 7:05P.M. Aspen Monarchs Home
August 19 Saturday 1:05 P.M. Philipsburg Pinstripes Away
August 22 Tuesday 7:05P.M. Philipsburg Pinstripes Away
Purchase tickets online at www.sanjosestarlings.com/tickets.

196. Why did Ms. Romero send the e-mail to
Mr. Rodrigues Pereira?
(A) To tell him about an upcoming budget
cut
(B) To invite him to a concert
(C) To introduce him to his new assistant
(D) To ask him to arrange an event
197. What does the e-mail imply about
Mr. Rodrigues Pereira?
(A) He recently attended a San Jose
Starlings game.
(B) He will be leaving in a few weeks to go
on vacation .
(C) He is a professional party planner.
(D) He recently began working for Loftgren
Consulting.

198. According to the flyer, what is a benefit of
buying tickets as a group?
(A) Reduced ticket prices
(B) Free food
(C) Front-row seating
(D) T-shirts with the team's logo

199. How many employees does Loftgren
Consulting most likely have?
(A) 10
(B) 30
(C) 50
(D) 70
200. On what date could Loftgren Consulting
employees attend a game?
(A) August 13
(B) August 15
(C) August 19
(D) August 22

Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go

back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.

đây là ets 2019 nhé 