1
토익 주관사만의 노하우로
빈출 유형 완벽 분석 반영 2
진짜 실력을 쌓아주는
문제 퀄리티와 정확한 해설
+ 해설집 +
무료 동영상
20강 제공
UBM
토익
실전서
1위
YES 24
1716NE
RC1000
YBM 토익연구소 저
토익 주관사가
제시하는 진짜토익 YBM
신저 이
TEST L
4
(A) WRO
(B) When
(C) Why
(D) Which
(A) shipped
(B) being shipped
(C) are shipped
(D) shipping
deadline for this month's expense reports.
(A) extend
(B) will extend
(C) had extended
(D) to extend
104.------- this afternoon's business seminar ends,
Mr. Kane will have his staff clean the
conference hall.
that------- is increasing in all areas of the
electronics industry.
(A) spender
(B) spent
(C) spend
(D) spending
108. All Bousquet Garments products, including
accessories,-- by us using priority post.
102. Employees should remember to log out of
.--- work e-mail accounts when leaving for
106.
the day.
(A) that
(B) who
(C) their
(D) its
To apply for the Web designer position, send
us an e-mail ------- the appropriate job
vacancy code in the subject line.
(A) with
(B) from
(C) where
(D) in
103. Mr. Biden asked his supervisor------the 107. A recent article on consumer trends claims
101. Ms. Brooker ------- offered to donate thirty of
the office computers to a local elementary
school.
(A) generous
(B) generously
(C) generosity
(D) more generous
105. In an----- to boost annual revenue, Starlight
Boutique will extend its weekend business
hours.
(A) account
(B) output
(C) effort
(D) amount
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
(B) several
(C) durable
(D) diverse
(A) apart
(B) down
(C) between
(D) during
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 5
(A) hesitation
(B) hesitant
(C) hesitated
(D) hesitantly
114. Rondel Plumbing Company offers a ---
range of apprenticeship opportunities for
enthusiastic individuals.
(A) lasting
season.
(A) overwhelmingly
(B) overwhelming
(C) overwhelmed
(D) overwhelms
120. Aquatastic Water Park will be offering
discounts on children's day passes-- the
month of June.
------find a replacement for the outgoing
CEO.
(A) usually
(B) extremely
(C) definitely
(D) formerly
113. Mr. Johnson is-to apply for the
managerial position at Mind Tek, Inc., as he
lacks exnerience in the field of robotics
119.
Biosys Scotland's research team strives to
develop cutting-edge health treatments.
(A) directly
(B) directed
(C) direction
(D) directs
Part-time telephone operators will be hired to
help deal with the--- number of customer
calls during the company's busiest retail
111. Please make sure that you submit allof the
requested documents to our personnel
department-----May 31.
(A) toward
(B) over
(C) at
(D) by
117. Krush Juice & Smoothies is downsizing its
operations and will be--- several of its
current menu choices.
(A) reimbursing
(B) purchasing
(C) discontinuing
(D) determining
112. The board of directors announced that it will 118. Under the----of Professor James Morton,
(D) frequents
110. The MCA Art Convention gives artists a
unique chance to ------- and discuss potential
collaborations.
116.
(A) eradicate
(B) connect
(C) consist
(D) discharge
(D) kind
Customers of Dillon's Furniture can view an
delivery date on the checkout page
when placing an order online.
(A) estimated
(B) estimating
(D) estimation
(D) estimate
109. One of the requirements for the position is a
willingness to go on - business trips
overseas.
(A) frequently
(B) frequent
(C) froquon
115. The director of tonight's play asks that
theatergoers--- refrain from taking
pictures during the performance.
(A) kinder
(B) kindly
(C) kindnoss
Test 1
6
Murpny for ensuring the nappines:
and welfare of all company employees.
(A) likely
(B) sincere
(C) responsible
(D) conclusive
expenditures.
(A) Although
(B) In addition
(C) However
(D) Only
that the construction of the proposed
shopping mall will cause an increase in noise
pollution.
(A) opposed
(B) queried
(C) assigned
(D) expressed
125. As the head of the personnel department, Mr.
approval of the company president.
(A) well
(B) soon
(C) always
(D) before
130.------- manufacturing costs have not
significantly decreased, Matrox Chemicals
has noted a sharp fall in its monthly
123. Staff in the customer service department
have reported that computer software errors
are occurring with increasing ---
(A) regulated
(B) regular
(C) regularly
(D) regularity
124. Residents of Ferndale have concern
manager position can be found on the
recruitment page on our Web site.
(A) fees
(B) objects
(C) trends
(D) duties
129. Before making any changes to company
policies, Ms. Kramer-------seeks the
(D) equality
122. The registration form needs to be filled out
------ black or blue ink and signed at the
bottom.
(A) on
(B) along
(C) between
(D) with
127. Employees at Tripoint Engineering are
rewarded each year for perfect ------ and
timekeeping.
(A) attendants
(B) attendance
(C) attended
(D) attends
128 Eull details about tho of tho production
121. The marketing director believes that the
Burton Hotel and Willoughby Restaurant are
------- suitable venues for the year-end
banquet.
(A) equals
(B) equally
(C) equaled
126. The ------- estimate for the landscaping work
at 525 Eglington Road was much lower than
the actual final cost for the project.
(A) impartial
(B) constant
(C) initial
(D) limited
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 7
(B) repair
(C) assembly
(D) manufacture
WItTOut cae.
(B) They have been recommended by
technicians.
(C) They are too large to be easily misplaced.
(D) They should be disposed of in the
appropriate bins.
caution. 134.
131. (A) had served
(B) is serving
(C) served
(D) will serve
132. (A) delivery
133. (A) result
(B) cause
(C) conclude
(D) prevent
134. (A) They can damage the wood when used
Save all packing materials until the bookshelf is complete to avoid accidentally discarding smaller
parts. Prior to, use the parts and hardware lists to identify and separate each of the pieces 132.
included.
Do not fully tighten allbolts until all parts are in place. Failure to follow these instructions may 133.
the bolts to become misaligned. If using power tools while putting the product together, please take
Questions 131-134 refer to the following instructions.
Thank you for purchasing the Mercroft 6-Shelf Bookcase. Please follow the instructions and
diagrams provided in this manual to construct the product. The shipping box-- as an ideal work 131.
surface for this process
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Test 1
8
138. (A) explanation
(B) improvement
(C) disadvantage
(D) opportunity
135. (A) details
136.
(B) detail
(C) to detail
(D) detailed
(A) any
(B) some
(C) both
137. (A) 1 estimate that the production process for
them will take one year.
(B) The latter was created from a boulder
found beside the lake.
(C) His help has been invaluable in the making
of these pieces.
(D) Nevertheless, I mainly specialize in more
abstract styles of art.
137.
Please consider my proposal. I would be very grateful for the -to show my work to art lovers 138.
and local residents.
Best regards,
Lisa Yeoman
Dear Mr. Hawkes,
Following our brief discussion last week, I wanted to offer you a more-description of my work. 135.
I feel that two recent pieces of mine would suit your upcoming "Local Arts & Nature" exhibition
perfectly. They are large, butof them are fairly easy to transport and install. One is a 136.
landscape painting of nearby Gull Lake, and the other is a sculpture depicting a pair of local birds.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following letter.
Mr. Louis Hawkes
Wilhelm Art Gallery
1006 Deerhurst Drive
Hunteville OM R1H 1R6
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 9
data security.
(B) Please check back in a few hours to
register your account.
(C) Because of this, some of the information
on it was incorrect.
(D) Fortunately, all of our offline stores are
operating normally.
(C) cost
(D) material
139. (A) place
(B) placed
(C) will place
(D) are placing
141. (A) Therefore
(B) In addition
(C) Occasionally
(D) However
140. (A) Such routine maintenance ensures your 142. (A) color
(B) size
I have attacheda picture of these items. If you are happy with their 142. they can be shipped to
you immediately.
I look forward to receiving your reply.
Sincerely,
Kevin Chalmers
Ryheck's Home Furnishings
Dear Ms. Underhill,
We appreciate your choosing Rybeck's for your home furnishing needs. Unfortunately, when you
139. your order, our Web site was being updated. 140. In particular, the cushions that you wish to
purchase are actually not currently in stock. we do have a similar set of cushions available. 141.
They are the same design and price as the ones you ordered, but a slightly different shade.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: <s.underhill@me-mail.net>
From: <k.chalmers@rybecks.com>
Date: October 25
Subject: Order #6622
Test 1
10
(D) popularly
144. (A) will be meeting
(B) was meeting
(C) has met
(D) met
date.
(C) Log in to the student portal to sign up.
(D) The cafeteria is a short walk away.
146. (A) development
(B) withdrawal
(C) appointment
(D) registration
Delia Wang
Extension Coordinator, State Central University
143. (A) popular
(B) popularity
(C) popularize
145. (A) Intermediate French has also been
cancelled.
(B) Please turn in late assignments by this
Dear all,
Because our Introduction to Spanish for Professionals class at 10:00 A.M. on Saturday mornings has
grown sO 143.' we have decided to add a second section of it to our schedule for the upcoming
semester. The new classon the same day and time, but across the hall in room 224. 144.
145. If you later become unable to attend, please cancel your-at least 12 hours in advance to 146.
make room for other interested students.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
To: <professionalspanishlist@statecentral.edu<
From: <d_wang@statecentral.edu<
Re: Additional section added
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 11
(C) It will hold talks in various rooms.
(D) It publishes a monthly newsletter.
(D) She will need to pay a processing fee.
DA
147. What is indicated about the Portsmouth
Business Association?
(A) It organizes seminars on an annual
basis.
(B) It is a subsidiary of Bixby Manufacturing.
148. What can be inferred about Ms. Giroud?
(A) She has attended a PBA seminar in the
past.
(B) She has provided her credit card details.
(C) She will be reimbursed by her company.
Name: Amelie Giroud
Occupation: Production Line Supervisor
Company: Bixby Manufacturing, Inc.
Seminar Name: Balancing Quantity &
Quality
Seminar Number: 13
Seminar Location: Room 212
DRA obor Mon momhar Y
Cash Enclosed
Bill My Credit Card
✗ Bill My Company
*Individuals who are not currently
members of the Portsmouth Business
Association are required to pay an
additional £5 administration fee for the
processing of their registration documents
Questions 147-148 refer to the following form.
Portsmouth Business Association (PBA)
Seminar Registration Form (May Program)
Solihull Conference Center Rooms 210-212
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Test 1
12
149. What does Mr. Kern do to assist Ms. Ferris? 150. At 7:25 P.M., what does Ms. Ferris most likely
mean when she writes, "There's a reason it's
expensive"?
(A) Proofread a report
(B) Locate a registration form
(C) E-mail a presentation
(D) Confirm a reservation
(A) A room is unusually large.
(B) A hotel is in a convenient location.
(C) It is a popular season to visit the area.
(D) Some amenities are of high quality.
1:2D P.М.
Yeah. It's great! It's right in the middle of downtown,
near the conference center. There's a reason it's
expensive! I'llhave to thank Del for booking it.
Robert Kern
Done.
Ekaterina Ferris
I see it. Thanks!
7:23 P.M.
7:23 р.м.
Robert Kern 7:24 р.м.
No problem. How's the hotel? Are you all settled in?
Ekaterina Eorric
Are you still at the office?
Robert Kern
Yeah. What's up?
Ekaterina Ferris
7:16 р.м.
7:17 р.м.
I just realized that I forgot to bring the USB drive that
has my conference presentation on it. Could you open
the black drive in the top drawer of my desk and e-mail
me the file named "Developing Competence in New Professors"?
Questions 149-150 refer to the following text-message chain.
Ekaterina Ferris 7.16 вM
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 13
(C) A catering company (C) It has recently enlarged its workforce.
(D) A public relations firm (D) It is certified in several states.
the states of California, Nevada, Arizona, and Utah.
151. What kind of business is being advertised?
(A) A furniture store
(B) A recruitment agency
152. What is indicated about Especially For You?
(A) It operates in many countries.
(B) It charges a small fee for estimates.
and beverages for such corporate events. We employ a serving team of twenty-five,
including our three highly experienced event managers. In addition to our delicious
offerings, we can also arrange and provide live entertainment, and decorations such as
attractive floral centerpieces.
Please visit www.especially4uco.com to view our full range of dishes and services and to
request a free price quote. Hospitality & Service Association (HSA) certification held in
Especially For You
Is your company planning a large corporate banquet or retirement dinner? Perhaps you
will be hosting a small-scale gathering such as a shareholders' meeting or product launch?
Especially For You has more than a decade of experience in providing the finest foods
Questions 151-152 refer to the following advertisement.
Test
14
153. What is true about the music festival?
(A) It is free for local residents.
(B) It will last for two days.
(C) It takes place twice a year.
(D) It is intended for people of all ages.
154. Who most likely is a local band?
(A) The Autumn Empire
(B) Three Dragons
(C) Summer Haze
(D) The Amazing Randy
The Autumn Empire - Reunion of Carson City's 90s alternative rock icons
Three Dragons - Critically adored 3-piece rock band from Daytown
Summer Haze -Winterton's own famed progressive-rock outfit
The Amazing Randy - Famous children's performer and TV star from Mayville
For the full schedule and ticketing information, please visit ourWeb site at www.
wintertonrocks.com.
To all music lovers:
Join us at the Twin River Campgrounds this summer for the second annual
Winterton Rock Festival. It will be held from August 4 to August 6.We once again
have a star-studded lineup that is sure to be a delight for people both young and
old. In addition to the two main stages, there will bea number of refreshment
tents and arts and crafts vendors available to all visitors. Also, Winterton's own
local radio station WX 97.9 will be broadcasting live from the festival all weekend
long. This year's lineup includes:
Questions 153-154 refer to the following notice.
Winterton Rock Festival
Twin River Campgrounds
August 4-6
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 15
(D) He has years of experience with making
desserts.
(A) Its recipes are publicly available.
(B) It has no indoor seating.
(C) It sells only a few flavors of cupcake.
(D) Its cupcakes do not contain sugar.
156. What does the article indicate about Stephen
Evans?
(A) He believes that cupcakes are a fad.
(B) He first started baking as an adult.
(C) Не used to manage a café
(A) Request the day's special
(B) Join a rewards program
(C) Mention the article
(D) Purchase twelve cupcakes
Proprietor and chef Stephen Evans takes pride
in his creations. "People like to say that
cupcakes are just a short-term trend," he says,
"but here at CupCakeCake we try to avoid
a.m. to 8:00 p.m., and Saturday and Sunday,
10:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Prices range from $1.75 to
$3.00 per cupcake; purchase a dozen or more
to receive a 15% discount.
155. What is mentioned as different about
CupCakeCake?
157. What should a CupCakeCake customer do to
receive a discount?
sweets. The treats at CupCakeCake, however,
stand out because of their simplicity. While
other bakeries create dozens of flavors,
CupCakeCake focuses on perfecting only a
handful: vanilla, chocolate, lemon, red velvet,
and carrot. Their cupcakes are light, moist, and
fluffy, with frosting that is rich without being
overly sweet.
bakery after serving as La Fontaine's pastry
chef for five years. However, he says, his love
of casual baking began in his parents' kitchen.
"They always let me mess around," he says.
This time, however, he has created something
more than a mess.
CupCakeCake is located at 10471 Half Street
and operates Monday through Friday, 9:00
Newfield, GA-With cupcake bakeries
popping up on every corner, it can be difficult
to decide where to purchase your favorite
unusual flavors in favor of classic, comforting
cupcakes that are perfect to celebrate a special
occasion-or just because." Evans opened his
Questions 155-157 refer to the following article.
Test 1
16
(B) By mentioning an advertisement
(C) By registering for a loyalty program
(D) By being over a certain age
(D) [4]
158. What is NOT indicated about Bruntley Tire
and Auto Service?
(A) It is owned by a family.
(B) It was founded more than 10 years ago.
(C) It is located in Linsfield.
(D) It is open on weekends.
159. How can customers get a free service during
a promotion?
(A) By buving multiple tires
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"That's why our customers enjoy both
attentive service and top-notch technical
skills."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
Seasonal Special: Until November 30, customers can take advantage of amazing
discounts on tires from major brands like Boriso and Traxxest. Those who purchase
two or more tires from any brand will also receive a complimentary oil change. - [4]-.
And don't forget to ask about our senior citizen discount, available year round!
Bruntley Tire and Auto Service has been serving the Linsfield area with dedication for
over a decade. We sell, service, and offer customization for tires for cars, trucks, RVs,
and trailers. - [1] -. A variety of general auto services are also available, from engine
repair to the installation of climate control systems. We are a family-owned business that
is also a Certified Carlyle Auto Care Center (CCAСC). - [2] -. Still not convinced we
a great place to get your vehicle repaired or serviced? Visit us on the Web at
bruntleytas.com or in person between 8:00 A.M. and 6:00 P.M. from Monday to Friday
learn more. - [3]-.
are
to
Questions 158-160 refer to the following advertisement.
Bruntley Tire and Auto Service
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 17
(A) It is introducing a new menu item.
(B) It is opening a new restaurant.
(C) It is preparing to close a location.
(D) It is celebrating its founding.
162. What menu item will cost $12 in October?
(A) Option #2
(B) Option #3
(C) Option #5
(D) Option #6
customers Tecelve
(A) By making a reservation for five people
(B) By visiting the restaurant every month
(C) By purchasing a specific item
(D) By spending a certain amount
Throughout September and October, we will also be offering a free dessert to anyone
who makes a reservation for a group of more than four people. Regardless of what you
order or how much you spend, each diner will get a dessert absolutely free.
161. Why is Bengal Heaven lowering its prices? 163. According to the Web page, how can
anito
Option #2: Jalfrezi Regular Price: $15 Special Price: $13
Option #3: Vindaloo Regular Price: $14 Special Price: $12
NEXT MONTH!
Option #4: Tandoori Regular Price: $16 Special Price: $14
Option #5: Korma Regular Price: $14 Special Price: $12
Option #6: Rogon loch Rogular Brico: $1 Special Price: $1U
Since opening three years ago, Bengal Heaven has enjoyed much success in downtown
Birmingham. Our fantastic range of curries, including our famous Vindaloo, have been a
big hit with all of our diners. To celebrate being in business for three years, we will be
discounting several items throughout this month and another three items next month in
October!
THIS MONTH!
Option #1: Tikka Masala Reqular Price: $12 Special Price: $10
MENU LOCATIONS SPECIALS
Questions 161-163 refer to the following Web page.
www.bengalheaven.co.uk
ABOUT
Test 1
18
group will be limited.
(B) No one from another department will
attend.
(C) She thinks James should change his plans.
(D) She wants James to send her some
information.
(D) He works in a different department.
(A) Celebrate her retirement
(B) Take potential clients out for a meal
(C) Open a new branch of a company
(D) Receive an award
165. At 1:17 P.M., what does Aicha most likely
mean when she writes, "Well, some of us
are"?
(A) The number of attendees from their
167.
(A) Where its venue is
(B) How to dress for it
(C) Who will be its host
(D) When it will likely end
What is suggested about James?
(A) He is a new employee.
(B) He ate lunch with Kate.
(C) He was not in the office yesterday.
Kate: I did.
1:25 р.м.
James: No, I was at the printer's all day. I'll have to try to sign it tonight.
Send
164. What will Felicia most likely do today? 166. What does Kate ask about an event?
1:20 р.м.
James: Neat office clothes will be alright. I actually asked Felicia that
question a few days ago, and that's what she said.
1:21 р.м.
Kate: Oh, good. That will be easy.
1:23 р.м.
Aicha: This reminds me of something. There was a card going around the
office yesterday for Felicia, to congratulate her. We were hoping to give it to
her tonight. Did you both sign it?
1:24 P.M.
Do you know it everyone in our department is going to come?
1:17 р.м.
Aicha: Well, some of us are. Jessica and Nikos had other plans that they
couldn't change.
1:18 P.M.
James: That's too bad. I know it's hard to free up a Saturday night, but I
think it's going to be quite an event.
1:19 P.M.
Kate: Me too. I've never been to the Westbright Restaurant before. Actually, I
was wondering what we should wear. Would our normal office clothing be
OK or should it he something really formal?
Questions 164-167 refer to the following text-message chain.
1:16 P.M.
James: I'm really looking forward to the awards ceremony for Felicia tonight.
(A) A motorist
(B) A business owner
(C) A homeowner
(D) A scientist
(D) She is considering purchasing a
Sunspear product.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 19
online.
(B) It manufactures fuel-efficient vehicles.
(C) It is currently updating some printed
materials.
(D) Its research and development team is
highly regarded.
169. What type of person is SMS specifically
designed for?
(B) It has a powerful battery.
(C) It was launched less than one year ago.
(D) It is simple to maintain.
171. What is suggested about Ms. Popova?
(A) She is looking to buy a new house.
(B) She is the founder of an environmental
association.
(C) She works for Sunspear Industries
James D. Unger
Sunspear Industries
168. What is suggested about Sunspear
Industries?
(A) It is temporarily unable to provide bills
170. What is NOT indicated about SMS?
(A) It can help energy consumers save
money.
Before introducing the SMS to the energy market, the independent Monterey Energy Research
Center (MERC) led an eighteen-month, in-depth study of the SMS. It found that the improved
design is drastically more efficient and will save consumers up to $100 per month in electricity
bills.
If you have any questions about the SMS, please don't hesitate to contact me. As you mentioned
in your previous e-mail, the SMS could indeed prove to be a worthwhile purchase for you. In the
meantime, you can expect a detailed brochure to be delivered to your door.
Sincerely,
would like to apologize that we cannot provide you with the information you requested; we are
currently printing out new brochures that we will send you very soon. Until then, allow me to fill
you in on some ofthe new features available with the SMS.
Developed for normal houses, this system is designed to give consumers a cost-effective and
environmentally-friendly alternative to traditional sources of energy. The improved panels
absorb the sun's rays with 30% more efficiency than our previous models. Furthermore, it has a
battery system that automatically stores excess energy for later use. The battery contains enough
energy to power the average home for up to 2 days during occasionally unfavorable weather
conditions. Also, next to no maintenance is required.
10: galina_poр
From: jdunger@sunspearind.com
Subject: SMS Information
Date: Monday, June 5, 2:29 P.M.
Dear Ms. Popova,
Thank you kindly for inquiring into Sunspear Industries's new Solar Module System (SMS).1
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message
Test
20
Yours sincerely,
Gregory Chapman
Gregory Chapman
-[3]-. This must be achieved not just through medication but through kindness,
patience, and communication. I work hard to create excellent relationships with
customers and provide the help that they need. It would be a pleasure to exercise my
skills as part of a business with such similar values.
In short, I believe that I am an ideal candidate for the post. I would be delighted to
attend an interview and can be contacted at 03069-990621 on most afternoons or at
g.chapman@retc.co.uk. - [4]-
Thank you for your consideration. I look forward to hearing from you.
is you will see in ne euucation аn sections on y
qualified pharmacist. - [1] -. My daily duties there include supplying prescription
medication, providing advice to customers, and maintaining appropriate stock levels.
I complete these tasks in a safe manner that emphasizes efficiency. - [2] -. This past
year, I was even able to streamline our inventory procedure so that it takes nearly
30% less time than before, and received special recognition from my manager for this
accomplishment.
Additionally, I have long admired Taylor's focus on customer care, as that is my
priority as well. After all, making people feel better is a pharmacist's main mission.
408 Swan Street
Manchester M4 5JQ
Dear Ms. Mirza,
Alban Campbell, Managing Pharmacist at Taylor Chemist of Manchester's Hulme
Street branch and former coworker of mine, suggested I get in touch with you about
the Pharmacist opening at the Thomas Street location. I am very interested in the
position and have enclosed my CV for your perusal.
Ас по illcoo in th 6.11
Questions 172-175 refer to the following letter.
4 March
Parveen Mirza
Hiring Manager
Tavlor Chemist of Manchester
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 21
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
exam.
173. What recent achievement does Mr. Chapman
mention?
(A) He made a process faster.
(B) He received certification.
(C) He trained some new employees.
(D) He designed some materials.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"I have worked for the last four years at APK
Pharmacy in Stockport."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
Test 1
172. How did Mr. Chapman most likely find out
about a job opening?
(A) From a job search Web site
(B) From an industry publication
(C) From a freelance recruiter
(D) From an acquaintance
174. What is suggested about Taylor Chemist of
Manchester?
(A) It offers unusually high salaries.
(B) It prioritizes customer service.
(C) Its branches are located within hospitals.
(D) It requires job applicants to take an
22
For up-to-date sporting news, including game schedules, results, and special offers on
game tickets, remember to check our dedicated sports page by clicking the link HERE
E-mail Address: Imoretti@fabmail.net
Date of Transaction: April 23
Amount Paid: $45.00
To print this receipt of payment, please CLICK HERE.
An electronic version of this document will also be sent to the address entered above.
The Buford Herald is grateful for your patronage. We are delighted to confirm your
transaction is complete.
Name:
Address:
Lorenzo Moretti
40 Ramirez Road, Trenton, NJ 08625
Phone Number: 555-0126
Sign up to receive a free copy of Sports Digest by May 1 to take advantage ofthis special offer. After
May 1, the price of an annual subscription will increase to the standard price of seventy dollars.
www.bufordherald.com/subscriptions/38843#
publication that is designed to specifically appeal to all sports fans. Starting from May 12, a brand-new
edition of Sports Digest will be delivered to subscribers on every first and third Saturday of the month.
The new publication will cover football, baseball, basketball, and more. It will include in-depth
descriptions of games that have been played, discussions with the stars of popular teams, and full details
of all teams' wins, losses, and current form. For a limited time only, subscribers to The Buford Herald
can subscribe to Sports Digest for the discounted rate offorty-five dollarsper year. That means you can
take adya ofa five dollare!
Questions 176-180 refer to the following Web page and online form.
www.bufordherald.com/home
The Buford Herald is delighted to bring you the news that we will be launching a brand-new
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 23
(A) On April 23
(B) On April 24
(C) On May 1
(D) On May 12
177. How often will subscribers receive a new
issue of Sports Digest?
(A) Once a week
(B) Twice a week
(C) Once a month
(D) Twice a month
178. When will Mr. Moretti most likely receive his
first issue of Sports Digest?
Buford Herald.
180. What will Mr. Moretti receive via e-mail?
(A) A payment confirmation
(B) A baseball game ticket
(C) A discount voucher
(D) A stadium map
Test 1
176. What is NOT mentioned as a feature of
Sports Digest?
(A) Interviews with players
(B) Reports on games
(C) Schedules for sports
(D) Statistics of teams
179. What is indicated about Mr. Moretti?
(A) He does not currently subscribe to The
Buford Herald.
(B) He paid a reduced rate for a subscription.
(C) He subscribes to more than two
publications.
(D) He previously sent an e-mail to The
24
negond carvсе маager
between the cost of the midsized sedan and the premium car, which comes to $165.70.
In light ofyour experience and as a thank-you for being such a valuable customer, I'd also like to
present you with a $20 voucher for a future rental with us. It is attached to this e-mail; you can
either print it out and use it in person or enter the unique code for an online reservation.
We appreciate your feedback, and I'll certainly pass along your e-mail to the manager in Seattle.
Sincerely,
Min-Joon Song
Pomionol So
To: Marina Whittaker <whittaker@whittaker.net>
Subject: Service on Friday,August 11
Date: August 21
Dear Ms. Whittaker,
Thank you for taking the time to alert me to your experience renting with QuickRent. I'm sorry to
hear that you were not able to receive the caryou reserved. Using the confirmation number that
you provided, Ilooked up your reservation and have issued you a check refunding the difference
Sincerely,
Marina Whittaker
whittaker@whittaker.net
394-555-0158
E-Mail Message
From: Customer Service <custserv@quickrentcars.com>
erver not avanabie. me clerk told us ne
could either give us a compact car or we could pay for an upgrade.We decided to pay for the
upgrade because at the time we were traveling with four adults and quite a bit of luggage. The clerk informed me that I could pay more for the larger vehicle then, and later request a bill adjustment.
I am writing now to ask that you reimburse us for the extra money we paid. My company has
beena member of the QuickRent Priority Club for three years, and we have been extremely satisfied with the service so far.
Thank you for your consideration.
405 Commercial Road, Ste. 65B
Peoria, IL 03845
August 17
To Whom It May Concern:
On Friday, August 11, I rented a car from QuickRent for a business trip with coworkers. I had
reserved the car online two weeks in advance and had the confirmation number, 39L2WK,
available when we arrived at the airport.
Uроn оur arrival the midsizad cadan that wo had rocoruop nilablo Tho all
Questions 181-185 refer to the following letter and e-mail.
QuickRent Customer Service
Marina Whittaker
29 East Garden Lane
Greenville, NC 39204
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 25
(B) Her credit card number
(C) A transaction date
(D) Her full name
1, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) introverted
(B) ordered
(C) withheld
(D) maintained
183. What did Mr. Song use to look up Ms.
Whittaker's reservation?
(A) A confirmation number
a car?
(A) New York City
(B) Greenville
(C) Peoria
(D) Seattle
181. Why did Ms. Whittaker write the letter?
182
(A) To ask QuickRent for a partial refund
(B) To change the size of a reserved car
(C) To apply for a Priority Club membership
(D) To report excellent customer assistance
184. What does Mr. Song give Ms. Whittaker?
(A) Contact information for a manager
(B) A complimentary set of maps
(C) A credit toward a future rental
(D) A voucher for accommodations
In the letter the word "reseryed" in paragraph 185. Where did Ms. Whittaker most likely rent
Test 1
26
Iree to contact me or my assistant, Erica Lien, with any questions you may have at any
time.
Sincerely,
Nancy Dey
Nancy Dey, Chief Editor
Enclosure
It was a pleasure speaking with you over the phone. After further consideration, we have
decided to go ahead with the publication of your proposed book, Vehicles of the Future.
We were all very impressed withyour proposal package. Our designers especially liked the
storyboard and two sketches you submitted.
Enclosed you will see a set of instructions for using our manuscript editing software. I look
forward to speaking with you in person when I visit your region in late July. Please feel
February 2
Ramon Notario
c/o Notario Automotive
12 Bay Street
Cicero, Il 61108
Dear Mr. Notario,
Schorr Publishing
5 Valley Road
Somerset. PA 19030
* A storyboard and at least one sample of a finished sketch (children's books only)
* A description of the book's readership - age, education level, interests, etc.
* Any ideas giving weight to your work's marketing plan - What makes it different from
other books on the topic?
Please send a package with the above information to: Proposals, Schorr Publishing, 5 Valley
Road, Somerset, PA 19030. Ifthere is interest in your proposal,we will contactyou to speak to youfurther.
New Authors Page
If you are interested in having your book published,we would like to hear from you.
We request submission of the following:
* Your contact information, personal résumé, and Web site (if any)
* A title and brief description ofthe work, along with a table of contents
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page, letter, and e-mail.
Schorr Publishing—a leading indenendent nublisher
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 27
Future?
(A) It is a children's book.
(B) It contains articles from a Web site.
(C) It will be published in two volumes.
(D) It will be sold in an electronic version.
187. In the Web page, the word "weight" in line 8
is closest in meaning to
(A) burden
(B) pressure
(C) substance
(D) measurement
188 What is suggested about Vehicles of the
190. Who most llkely Is MS. Jun?
(A) A freelance designer
(B) An employee of Mr. Notario's
(C) An assistant to a chief editor
(D) An owner of a marketing firm
186. What are potential authors NOT asked to
submit?
(A) A description of target readers
(B) A list of references
(C) A table of contents
(D) A personal résumé
189. What will most likely happen in July?
(A) A bookstore will hold a special promotion.
(B) A software program will be upgraded.
(C) Mr. Notario's book will be released.
(D) Ms. Dey will meet Mr. Notario.
with ideas.
Also, please be sure to introduce yourselves to Karen Jun. She is a former
intern and began taking over Erica Lien's duties yesterday.
Regards,
Nancy
Date: February 20
Subject: Planning meeting
Dear All,
I'd like to hold a planning meeting this Thursday at 2 P.м. We will brainstorm
ways to promote our promising batch of upcoming releases, so come ready
E-Mail message
To: All Editorial Staff
From: Nancy Dey <dey@schorr.com>
Test
28
will open their booths at the previously scheduled time but continue to operate until the
concert concludes. If it works out, this arrangement will become part of future festivals as
well.
Good luck with your sales!
Regards,
Greg Lopez, Summer Festival Chief Organizer
Date: July 6
Subject: Summer Festival
Dear Ms. Geary,
This is a quick follow-up note. Judy Tilbury, the head of the City Specialty Food
Association (CSFA), agreed to the idea of merging the Farmer's Market and Sunday's
concert into one event during the Summer Festival. To confirm, you and the other vendors
for a new community center, and you'll receive a one-month voucher to Tellec's Gym.
Sunday, July 10 - 5 P.м.-9 P.M. "Big Concert" - Experience regional music of all types - all
for free and all happening on our Main Stage; no ticket is needed - just come and enjoy!
From: Greg Lopez <lopez@festival.com>
To: Dina Geary <geary@foods.com>
atery.
Saturday, July 9- 10 A.м.-2 Р.м. "Top Photographer Contest" - The top 60 photos in six
categories will be displayed at the Arts Center. The overall winner will be announced at 1
P.M. and will be awarded a $200 voucher for photographic equipment.
Saturday, July 9- 4 P.M.-8 P.M. "Farmer's Market" - The booths at this outdoor market will
feature organic produce, specialty foods, and more.
Sunday, July 10 - 10:30 A.M.-3 P.M. "Fun Walk" - Complete this 10-mile walk to raise money
Get ready for the city's Summer Festival
Last updated: July 1
Here is what's planned for the city's Summer Festival:
Friday, July 8 - 6 P.м.-9 P.M. "The City Cooks" - attendees will choose the tastiest dish
prepared by students at the City Culinary Academy (CCA). The winning recipe will appear
onthe menu at 77 Bistro local chef lim Carswell's pewest enteru
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web page, e-mail, and text message.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 1 29
(A) plan
(B) layout
(C) supply
(D) rental
192. Who is Mr. Carswell?
(A) The city festival's chief organizer
(B) The head of the CSFA
(C) A restaurant owner
(D) A visiting musician
193. In the e-mail, the word "arrangement" in
paragraph 1, line 6, is closest in meaning to
195. What is suggested about Mr. Wilks?
(A) He operates an organic farm stand.
(B) He will present a photography award.
(C) He will participate in a charity walk.
(D) He designed courses for the CСА.
191. What is mentioned about the Big Concert?
(A) It will conclude with an awards ceremony.
(B) It was moved to a larger venue.
(C) It will take place exclusively at one
venue.
(D) It requires a ticket to attend.
194. When most likely will Ms. Geary's booth
open?
(A) At 10 A.M.
(B) At 4 P.М.
(C) At 5 P.м.
(D) At 6 P.М.
heceien enly 0, 3.00 A.M.
To: Andy Wilks
Hi Andy. I'd be happy to cover
your shift at the coffee shop.
Enjoy the Summer Festival. I
hope you finish your event so
you can bring back that gym
coupon Take care
From: Julie Grimes
Roooivod: luy8 0:59M
Test
30
Gloria Melo
apparel seller, and want to open a retail showroom. I would prefer a first
floor location facing the river, but I do not want a space next to another clothing store. If possible, I would like a space with a backroom for storage.
Could you send me a list of available spaces? Also, I would be interested in
getting a list of the mall's most recent tenants, so that I can ask them for
move-in tips.
Thank you in advance,
To: Brian Putney <putney@laranic.com>
Date: October 3
1
Subject: Inquiry
Dear Mr. Putney,
was referred to you by my friend David Olson, who operates his store,
Sports Supply Plus, in Dalemont Plaza. I own Dadar Designs, an online
Local retailer David Olson, who moved his shop into the mall's largest space, likes
his new location. "I'm expanding," he said. "I may even bring on more store
associates. It depends on how busy we get."
E-Mail Message
From. Gloria Molo molo@moil c
guo
shopping mall is now about 70 percent rented out. Its developer, Laranic Properties,
wants to fill the remaining space by offering reduced rent rates to new tenants. "We
aim for full occupancy by December," said rental manager Brian Putney. "We are
especially interested in attracting small, independent stores."
The mall's two floors of stores are arranged around a central dining area. Its west
wing of shops faces the Dalemont River, and its east wing faces the main parking
area in the rear.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following article, e-mail, and list.
Dalemont City Times
DALEMONT CITY (Sentember 8) The lon awaited Dalamont Ploa
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 1 31
occuples a mall s largest space.
(C) serve
(D) hire
198. What is suggested about Sports Supply
Plus?
(A) It has two entrances.
(B) It plans to relocate in October.
(C) It is located next to a clothing store.
December.
(D) Its new tenants will receive rent
reductions.
197. In the article, the phrase "bring on" in
paragraph 3, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) produce
(B) quicken
(D) An estimate for moving costs
200. Which space will Ms. Melo most likely inquire
about?
(A) Store 340
(B) Store 390
(C) Store 430
(D) Store 460
196. What is indicated about Dalemont Plaza?
(A) It will be expanded to include four floors.
199. What does Ms. Melo request from Mr.
Putney?
(B) It can be reached by public
transportation.
dining area will be
(A) A list of new tenants
(B) A renovation contract
(C) A budqet report
This list of vacancies at Dalemont Plaza was generated based on your preferences:
Store 340- First floor space with river view - adjoins a successful women's apparel shop
Store 390- Second floor space on the east wing - next to food court entrance
Store 430- First floor space overlooking river - has back office suitable for storage
Store 460- First floor space adjoining rear parking lot and loading dock - open floor plan
For further inguiry. please contact a leasing aqent.
To: Gloria Melo
From: searches@realtyemt.com
Test
TEST 2
34
(C) Whoever
(D) Someone
(D) foreseeable
(C) SO
(D) as
104. ----volunteers to clean the staff break room
during the lunch break will be allowed to go
home one hour earlier than usual.
(A) Whatever
(B) Another
(D) without
108. Due to its current financial problems, Onirus
Software will not be releasing any new
software in the------- future.
(A) foresee
(B) foresaw
(C) foresees
(B) to determine
(C) determines
(D) determining
103. When workers arrive at the factory, they must
put on their safety gear------- report to the
production line supervisor.
(A) and
(B) both
(C) next to
(D) in between
107. Rona No-crease Cleaning Solution should be
applied only ------- garments made of 100
percent cotton.
(A) to
(B) ever
(C) beside
102.
(B) latest
(C) lateness
(D) late
Some market experts are able ----- which
products are likely to be successful upon
release.
(A) to be determined
(B) restricted
(C) allowed
(D) eliminated
106. Please place the badge in the box by the
door----- the museum exit.
(A) as regards
(B) due to
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Ms. Vardy's trip to China had to be canceled
unexpectedly because her visa was issued
(A) lately
105. At this year's International Film Awards
Show, acceptance speeches will be ------- to
three minutes.
(A) commenced
sctions are giveor eacn pat. ron a icouraged to wer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
dirootione oro givon for or
(D) repetition (D) preval
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 35
(D) remind
114. A recent journal article indicates that
conducting on-the-job training ------helps to
keep employees productive and alert.
(A) repeat
(B) repeated
(C) repeatedly
120.
(D) easing
Digital Digest Magazine has awarded its
highest ----- in technical performance to the
Mobium 6 smartphone.
(A) hesitation
(B) restriction
(C) rating
(C) being targeted
(D) targeted
113. Please--all staff members that parking
permits must be visibly displayed on parked
vehicles at all times.
(A) allocate
(B) recruit
(C) attain
(C) perlop
(D) course
119. As expected, Pistone Technology Group
reported impressive quarterly figures, --
surpassing the previous quarter's earnings.
(A) easily
(B) ease
(C) easy
112.
(C) result
(D) assess
Out of all of next year's-, we should
primarily focus on reducing our expenditures
by 15 percent.
(A) target
(B) targets
(C) beneficial
(D) associated
118. As per company policy, each staff member is
entitled to a 20-minute break in the
morning and in the afternoon.
(A) guideline
(B) deadline
(B) of
(C) from
(D) at
111. The Chief Technician will arrive at the factory
at 2 P.M. today to----- the damage caused
to the packing machine.
117.
(A) prevent
(B) withstand
(A) promoting
(B) promoted
(C) promotion
(D) promote
The quality assurance team uses a process
-----of several methodical steps.
(A) attached
(B) consisting
Test 2
(B) applications
(C) requests
(D) benefits
110. In the event-----inclement weather, the
Stovington Charity Golf Tournament will be
postponed until next weekend.
(A) still
(A) are joined
(B) will be joining
(C) have joined
(D) would join
116. In addition to being----to division
supervisor, Mr. Smalling will also receive a
company car.
109. Common- offered to executives by
Botrego Corporation include a company car
and subsidized housing.
(A) referrals
115. With regret, those who- Nairn
Manufacturing within the past month will not
be eligible for the Employee of the Quarter
Award.
36
(C) seasoned
(D) reduced
() ynapха
125. Preliminary research says that language
barriers will make it impossible to sell most of
our------- toys abroad.
(A) educate
(B) educated
(C) educational
(D) educationally
130.
(B) her
(C) herself
(D) she
As soon as Muldoon Grill & Restaurant-----
its menu, the chefs started having difficulty
cooking the wider range of dishes.
(A) collaborated
(B) Oxpanded
(D) longingly
124. For----purposes, guests must allow the
hotel's front desk staff to make a copy of their
passports.
(A) secured
(B) secures
(C) securely
(D) security
129.
(B) theirs
(C) these
(D) there
At the weekly meeting, Ms. Jacobson
described the advertising campaign that
------- created in an effort to target younger
consumers.
(A) hers
(C) as opposed to
(D) in response to
123. This equipment is to be used---- as
instructed by your fitness instructor.
(A) overly
(B) only
(C) lively
128.
(a) 33d
(C) returnable
(D) consumable
The CEO is reluctant to slow down
production of the LD20 and LD35, as-------
laptop models are still selling at a fairly
consistent rate.
(A) them
122.
(B) individual
(C) person
(D) anyone
Due to the renovation of the reception area,
staff must access the building through the
east wing entrance ------- the main entrance.
(A) as per
(B) in case of
127.
(B) in time
(C) except for
(D) aside from
Industry analysts predict that rising oil prices
will make gas price increases of up to 20
percent ------- in some Western countries.
(A) obtainable
(B) рossiblel
121. We are asking --who is a fan of Trident
Audio products to join our focus group and
market research study.
(A) every
126. Ms. Dennings was unable to finish her
proposal --- schedule due to an
unexpected increase in her workload.
(A) ahead of
(D) Instead
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 37
2) mucn
132. (A) will be appointed
(B) is appointing
(C) had appointed
(D) was appointed
sales depanme
(C) It seems they were born to be leaders in
the telecommunications field.
(D) It may seem that Mr. Ashfield has reached
the top of his field.
134. (A) In contrast
(B) Despite that
(C) In fact
stated that he hopes to establish a global sales department at Bitz-Marks, Inc., and help the
company to become an international leader in the telecommunications market.
131. (A) still
(B) once
(C) soon
133. (A) Mr. Ashfield helped them all rise from such
humble beginnings.
(B) Mr. Ashfield's ultimate goal is to set up a
door, is now the head of the European Sales Division at the company.
Mr. Ashfieldto the position after displaying not only his impressive sales skills, but also his 132.
ability to manage employees and adapt to trends in domestic and continental telecommunications
markets.
133.-However, the ambitious businessperson has larger goals to achieve. he has publicly 134.
Business Focus
Harrison Ashfield - A Story of Success
Harrison Ashfield's rise at Bitz-Marks, Inc., is a story that serves to inspire all budding business
owners and entrepreneurs. Mr. Ashfield,just a sales representative who sold products door to 131.
Four answer cholces for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to compiete
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
ne
Questions 131-134 refer to the following article.
The Snrinatown Gazette
Test 2
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
38
different cake designs.
(C) Plans to open more branches in the
Big Apple are under way.
(D) There are 120,000 customers
registered in our rewards program.
(D) is located
135. (A) specializes
(B) is specializing
(C) specializing
(D) has specialized
136. (A) We are very proud of our top-notch
pastry bakers.
(R) Mo bouо ротolopod moro tho 0
137. (A) alternate
(B) customize
(C) conserve
(D) distribute
138. (A) was located
(B) will be located
(c) boing lopntod
Our New York City bakery 138.-at 1123 West 12th Street, just across the road from the Odoner
Theater.
Contact us at 555-0176 to make an order, or view our cake designs online at www.heavenlycakes.
com.
Heavenly Cakes, Inc., is a Boston-based bakery- in fancy wedding cakes. As part of our 135.
expansion, we have recently opened our first branch in New York City.
. They range from simple white cakes with black ribbons to elaborate, multi-colored creations 136.
covered with real flowers. You can also your cake by choosing the frosting, the filling, the 137.
decorations, and the message.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following advertisement.
HEAVENLY CAKES CAN SWEETEN YOUR SPECIAL DAY!
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 39
(B) have required
(C) are required
(D) were required
confidentiality.
(B) Nevertheless, the question-and-answer
session will be useful for them.
(C) In short, the surveys have been completely
redesigned.
(D) Their team previously explained the
system's privacy settings.
139. (A) solution
(B) question
(C) calculation
(D) purpose
140. (A) required
141. (A) concisely
(B) identifiably
(C) suspiciously
(D) anonymously
142. (A) There is never a need to worry about
Employees may fillout and submit the survey-- if they would prefer that their identity remains 141.
unknown. .The results will not be shared with any outside organizations. 142.
Thanks,
Mina Yamaguchi
Test 2
Please remember to encourage each of your employees to fillout one of the survey forms I gave
you at the meeting. The of these surveys is to assess the job satisfaction of our staff and 139.
assist us in improving our work environment.
I'd like you to distribute these forms at your earliest possible convenience. Staff members to
cioc of quoctiope and aivo additionalcommopts about workina conditions
140.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following notice.
All Department Managers,
40
144. (A) from
(B) until
(C) ahead
(D) under
compa
you ordered is quite popular.
(B) First of all, the shipment of your order
will take as many as 7 days.
(C) Unfortunately, some of those featured
products have been discontinued.
(D) With regret, I am writing to update you
on your recent order from our Web
site.
(A) Cancellation
(B) breakage
(C) inventory
(D) delay
146. (A) afforded
(B) afford
(C) affordable
(D) affording
Kind regards,
Kyungjin Pyo
Fitmaster Exercise Equipment
146.
113 (0) In comparicon to tho othore tho ond 44E () ollotion
receive the item- the beginning of March. 144.
Please accept my sincerest apologies for this unfortunate -TE. If you would like to request a full 145.
refund, I completely understand.
However, I hope you will choose to be patient and wait for the item to be delivered, as you
purchased a bigh.guality product at an pricel
To: Catherine Elder <celder@evermail.net>
Date: February 12
Subject: ProPower Cyclemaster N50
Dear Ms. Elder,
I'm afraid that the ProPower Cyclemaster N50 you purchased will take longer to ship than 143.
originally expected. Although we promised seven-day shipping. I do not think you will be able to
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Kyungiin Pyo <kpyo@fitmaster.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 41
147. Why did Ms. Page send the message?
(A) To order some medicine
(B) To request a catalog
(C) To report an absence
(D) To cancel a delivery
148. What does Ms. Page ask Mr. Hamilton to do?
(A) Edit a document
(B) Speak to a colleague
(C) Contact the clients
(D) Cancel a presentation
do it alone, unfortunately.
0
Date: January 9, 11:52 A.м.
Good morning, Jack. I've been
feeling really illsince last night, so
I'm afraid I'm going to be off work
today. I was due to give the sales
presentation to our potential clients
with Terry today. Could you let him
know I can't make it? He'll have to
Questions 147-148 refer to the following text message.
To: Jack Hamilton (492-555-0169)
From: Susie Page (865-555-0132)
Test 2
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
42
149. What is mentioned as a requirement for the
coupon?
(A) A form of identification
(B) A program membership
(C) A customer account number
(D) A minimum purchase
150. When is the coupon NOT valid?
(A) When placing an order in a store
(B) When ordering over the phone
(C) When placing an order by post
(D) When ordering online
to be our most popular yet, and urge you to take advantage of this
fantastic offer. This coupon may only be used when placing an order
via telephone, our Web site, or postal order.
*One usage per customer. Visit ourWeb site for terms and conditions.
To celebrate our fifth year of operations, Claude Clothing is offering
a coupon for free delivery to our loyal customers on orders of $40 or
more.* Claude Clothing is rapidly becoming famous for providing
quality garments ot offordoble prices We expert our winter cotoloal
Questions 149-150 refer to the following coupon.
Our birthday gift to you!
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 43
(D) To announce a change of premises (D) A coupon book
151. What is the main purpose of the notice?
(A) To express gratitude to customers
(B) To explain a change in pricing
(C) To advertise for new staff members
152. What will some customers receive for free?
(A) An article of clothing
(B) A repair service
(C) A cleaning service
store will be located on Westfield Avenue, and we will be reopening there on
October 7. To celebrate our move, we will be offering a free suit dry-clean to
our first 50 customers. This will be allocated on a first-come, first-served basis.
We look forward to welcoming you to our new location.
Ryan Lee
CEO
Customer Notice
Lee's Dry Cleaner has enjoyed serving the community of Bambridge
throughout the last twenty years. Over this time, we have gotten to know many
of our customers personally. Our business has now grown to such a size that we
need to move away from our Grove Street store to a bigger location. Our new
Test 2
Questions 151-152 refer to the following notice.
Lee's Dry Cleaner
44
154. What are employees being asked to do?
(A) Apply for managerial positions
(B) Suggest some product ideas
(C) Respond to customer queries
(D) Attend a training workshop
(0 ASales Tepresentative
(D) The training coordinator
153. What is the memo mainly about?
(A) The success of an appliance
(B) The opening of a new store
(C) Achange in staff pay rates
(D) A new range of merchandise
155. Who are employees instructed to contact
with their concerns?
(A) The payroll department
(B) The product manager
(C) Aoloo ro toti
employees will be paid at the overtime rate for attending this training.
We realize this is a transitional time for our company as we embrace a new
product line that will hopefully enable us to become the number one supplier of
kitchen appliances in the country. We assure you that the workshops will provide
you with all the information you need in order for you to perform your sales role
effectively. If you have any concerns after attending the training day, please
e-mail me at h weekston@beniston org Lill bo hond
Date: June 2
Subject: Product line
As many of you will be aware, our engineering team has been developing a new
line of kitchen appliances to be launched this fall. This range of merchandise has
now been finalized. As such, several training workshops will be held in August to
familiarize you with the features of the new products. Staff must tell their
manager by the end of the week which workshop they are able to attend. All
Questions 153-155 refer to the following memo.
To: Beniston Employees
From: Bradley Weekston, Product Manager
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 45
you
(A) To express annoyance
(B) To offer assistance
(C) To reject a suggestion
(D) To find out a building's location
(B) Use a certain entrance
(C) Send a group text
(D) Hide some gifts
It's OK. Hurry back.
156. At 5:27 P.м., what does Mr. Hamam most
likely mean when he writes, "Where are
שO
157. What does Mr. Hamam ask Ms. Munn to do?
(A) Bring some utensils
Hesham Hamam 5:29 P.M.
I see. Well, make sure you come in
the office's back door so that Erik
doesn't see the cake.
Carol Munn 5:29 P.M.
Sure. And sorry I wasn't able to help
set up like we'd planned.
Hesham Hamam 5:30 р.м.
Hesham Hamam 5:27 P.M.
Where are you? You left for the
bakery 30 minutes ago, and now
the party's about to start.
Carol Munn 5:28 P.M.
There's a problem with the cake.
They spelled Erik's name wrong, so
I'm having them fix it. I should be
back in 15 minutes.
Test 2
Questions 156-157 refer to the following text-message chain.
46
visiting www.thebluepineapples.com.
opening the performance. The schedule and pricing are as follows:
Friday, March 18. Doors open at 8 P.M. Standing: $30 Seated areas: $40
Saturday March 19. Album and autograph signing at City Hall 4-6 P.M. Entry fee: $5
Doors open at 7.30 P.M. Standing: $35 Seated areas: $45
Sunday March 20: Radio interview with Rocker FM
Tickets will go on sale from midday on Thursday, January 29, and can be purchased by
eclectic musical breath of fresh air." Now, the band, which hails from Chicago, is soon to
embark on its third tour, returning to the East Coast of America after its last tour in the
western states. As part of this, NTI Productions is delighted to announce that the band
will be returning to the Boston's Theakston Arena for its first show there in three years.
There will also be a signing event prior to one of the shows.
The band will play on two consecutive evenings, with support band The Institution
The Blue Pineapples live at Theakston Arena
March 18-19
The Blue Pineapples experienced huge success with their debut album My Saddest Fantasy,
which sold over 2 million copies worldwide and reached number 1 in the U.S charts.
Critics have described the guitarist and drummer that comprise The Blue Pineapples' music
as "groundbreaking" and "unique", with Dashfork magazine claiming them to be "an
Questions 158-160 refer to the following advertisement.
n.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 47
159. What can be inferred about the Theakston
Arena?
(A) It has recently been enlarged.
(B) It is located in downtown Chicago.
(C) It has hosted The Blue Pineapples
before.
(D) It was constructed three years ago.
Test 2
158. What is indicated about The Blue Pineapples?
(A) There are four members in the band.
(B) They are planning to hold an audition.
(C) They have toured in Europe.
(D) They originate from Chicago.
160. On which day willband members hold a
signing event?
(A) On Thursday
(B) On Friday
(C) On Saturday
48
162. What will most likely cause a member to not
be able to attend a gathering?
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3] (A) Not submitting payment in advance (D) [4] (B) Not possessing a required skill level
(C) Not including certain information in a
member profile
(D) Not fulfilling a promise to attend a
previous gathering
161. What happens at Toronto Friends Group
gatherings?
(A) Team sports games
(B) Language exchange
(C) Cooking practice
(D) Arts and crafts activities
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"A map with directions and parking
information for this venue can be found
here."
do not attend the event you signed up for, you will not be allowed to
participate in future gatherings for one month. - [4] -. It is important
that all of our members are enthusiastic and reliable.
We hope to see you soon.
Sincerely,
The Management Team
ug, aun d
popular languages are English, Spanish, French, Korean, and Japanese,
but it is often possible to find a native speaker or fellow learner of other languages as well. Our gatherings are held at the Springwood Café in
Etobicoke on Tuesday evenings and Sunday afternoons. - [2] -.
Please take a few minutes to set up your member profile page, which lets
other members know about you and your language interests. - [3] -.
Then, see this page for an explanation of how our gatherings usually work
and how to prepare for them. Please note that members must RSVP at
least one hour in advance for all gatherings. Also. if you RSVP a "ves" hut
From: Toronto Friends Group Management
Subject: Welcome!
Date: September 13
Dear Mr. Ollinger,
Thank you for joining the Toronto Friends Group on YourGroups.com.
We are Toronto citizens and visitors who want to make new friends while
learning teaching ond prooticing lon glrillo Γ11
Questions 161-163 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message
To: Eli Ollinger
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 49
165. What does Mr. Pronsky indicate is difficult
about working with Storling employees?
(A) They give confusing instructions.
(B) They are slow to respond when
contacted.
(C) Their office is far away.
(D) Their desired budget is too low.
167. What department do Mr. Pronsky and Ms.
Beck most likely work in?
(A) Account Planning
(B) Creative
(C) Finance
(D) Account Services
164. Why does Mr. Koziol begin the chat?
(A) To receive a progress update
(B) To request some documents
(C) To explain a policy change
(D) To report some feedback
166. At 11:41 A.M., what does Mr. Koziol most
likely mean when he writes, "Go ahead"?
(A) Ms. Beck should submit a report.
(B) Ms. Beck may ask a question.
(C) Ms. Beck can give an estimate.
(D) Ms. Beck must make a phone call.
Sabrina Beck, 11:41 A.M. Finance is saying that all expense reports from Account Services
need your approval before they're submitted. Is that right? We've
never had to do that before.
Lucek Koziol, 11:42 A.M. That's a new policy and it only applies to certain accounts. Didn't
you get the e-mail about it? I'll forward it to you now.
SEND
Josh Pronsky, 11:38 A.M. Just that it takes them a long time to reply when we e-mail them.
We've had to follow up with phone calls a couple of times.
Lucek Koziol, 11:39 A.M. I see. Well, tell me if that gets serious. Is there anything else I
should know about?
Sabrina Beck, 11:40 А.м. Nothing that's related to this account. But we'd like to ask
something about submitting expense reports.
Lucek Koziol, 11:41 A.M. GO ahead.
Test 2
Lucek Koziol, 11:36 A.м. Do you two have a minute to chat? I wanted to check on how the
Storling juice account is coming along.
Josh Pronsky, 11:36 A.M. Sure. It's going well. Account Planning is finished with the target
audience research. They said they'll have the report to us by the
end of the week.
Lucek Koziol, 11:37 A.M. Good. So when can Creative expect your brief?
Sabrina Beck, 11:37 A.M. On May 20, as scheduled.
Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Russo & Koziol Advertising Company Messenger
50
(A) An automobile company
(B) A real-estate developer
(C) A sportswear company
(D) A gym equipment manufacturer
(A) He was presented with an award.
(B) He was named as a company executive.
(C) He devised a successful training
workshop.
(D) He managed a marketing campaign.
168. What is Mr. Walsh known for?
(A) His negotiation skills
(B) His background in product design
(C) His customer service abilities
(D) His leadership
169. What type of business most likely is New
Horizons?
170. At which company did Mr. Walsh begin his
career?
(A) New Horizons, Inc.
(B) Home Comforts
(C) Typhoon
(D) Speedigrab
171. What happened during Mr. Walsh's time at
Homo Comfortc?
competing with rival sporting attire
manufacturer Speedigrab in these regions.
Renowned within the industry for being a
fierce negotiator, Walsh went on to declare
that he will relocate to Germany to
personally oversee the transition. Once there,
he will hope European customers are just as
Richard spent a few years working for realestate developer Home Comforts. His
potential was quickly recognized, and at the
age of twenty-three, he was elected to the
board of directors. He finally made the move
to New Horizons last year in order to explore
his passion for outdoor activities.
San Diego, April 2-Director Richard
Walsh announced at a press conference
yesterday that New Horizons is to expand
into Europe and the Middle East. Speaking
to reporters, the director claimed that the
time was right to explore new, untapped
markets, and he stated that he is confident
that the firm would be successful in
enthusiastic about his company's range of
sports clothing as American consumers.
The Richard Walsh story is a classic example
of the American dream. Coming from a
working-class family in North Carolina, he
took his first job at automobile manufacturer
Typhoon at the age of sixteen. From there,
Questions 168-171 refer to the following article.
NEW HORIZONS, INC. TO EXPAND OPERATIONS
(D) It is modeled after another partnership
that Ogami is part of.
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 51
(B) Renewable energy
(C) Telecommunications
(D) Flight technology
173. What does Ms. Flynn suggest about the
partnership?
(A) It may have unexpected results.
(B) It is likely to last for a long time.
(C) It receives financial support from the
government.
(C) The Ogami-X was created there.
(D) It is located within a university.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"His team will initially focus on specifications
such as blade shape and rotor construction."
(A) [1]
meeting held at the centre, he expressed hope that the Ogami-X would be ready for
market within a year and added, "What we create here could have a noticeable positive
impact on the world."
172. What is the research focus of the Ryan
Centre?
(A) Medical equipment
174. What is indicated about the Ryan Centre?
(A) It has fewer than 200 employees.
(B) Ms. Flynn used to work there.
more quickly and perhaps in ways that we don't expect." - [2]-.
Situated deep within the University of Brisbane's main campus, the Ryan Centre has a
world-class reputation for research and education.- [3]-. As a pioneer in
collaborations between universities and industry, it employs more than 200 engineers and
scientists with extensive knowledge of solar, wind, and geothermal power.
Dr. Elias Martin will lead the effort at the Ryan Centre to build on Ogami's initial model
and continue to refine the product's design.- [4] -. At Ogami's first development
Tesest 2
BRISBANE (February 3)-Today, rising start-up Ogami, Inc. announced that it has formed
a partnership with the renowned Ryan Centre. - [1] -. The centre, a hub for sustainable
energy technology, will make its considerable resources available to Ogami for the
continued development of the Ogami-X wind turbine.
"The opportunity to work with such an excellent group of scientists and engineers in this
cutting-edge facility is very exciting for us," said Mary Flynn, president and CEO of Ogami.
"Their expertise in the field of wind energy will help advance our development program
Questions 172-175 refer to the following press release.
Ogami and Ryan Centre to Partner Up
52
passed your details on to my colleague, Wayne Rollings. He has agreed to phone you this
afternoon to discuss arrangements for picking up the table and delivering a larger one. We hope that such mistakes will not happen in the future so that we may continue our mutually
beneficial business arrangement.
Sincerely,
Betty Controlle
Assistant Regional Manager
Ergomath Design
used Orbital Office as our furniture supplier, but this is the second erroneous order that we
have received within the last month. The invoice clearly states that we have been billed
$899.10 for the office chairs, which seems far too high. Looking at your catalog here, the unit price of this item is just $29.95. We expect that you will credit our account for the difference
as soon as possible. In addition, the height of the large boardroom table that we ordered
seems to be far too short. After setting it up, we noticed that the chairs do not fit underneath
it at all. When I spoke to you about its dimensions on the phone last week, you assured me
that it was more than suitable for our purposes.
As you can imagine, I am extremely disappointed. These furniture items were purchased in good time for our directors' meeting on Friday, and so this situation needs to be rectified before then. As I am going out of town on a business trip for the next two days, I have
To: William Mobile <wmobile@orbitaloffice.net>
From: Betty Controlle <bcontrolle@ergomath.com>
Date: April 5
Subject: Order number: DR4032
Dear Mr. Mobile,
We received our order of new office furniture late yesterday afternoon. I've just finished examining the nackage and I'm afraid to renort that it's pot satisfactory We have always
#D60 5
Balance Due:
$24.95 $ 124.75
$ 1943.64
Payment will be automatically processed 7 days after the dispatch date.
Thank you for your patronage.
E-Mail message
Dispatch date: March 30
To Be Delivered To: Ergomath Design
Customer Account No: 70670532
Order Number: #DR4032
Item Code Quantity Price per unit Total price
#C43 18 $49.95 $899.10
#H503 4 $159.95 $639.80
#X110 1 $279.99 $279.99
Questions 176-180 refer to the following invoice and e-mail.
Orbital Office Furniture Supplies
Unit 9 Business Park, Cincinnati, OH 94932
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 53
(C) The set-up instructions were not included
with it.
(D) It was delivered to the wrong address.
(A) #C43
(B) #H503
(C) #X110
(D) #D60
178. What does Ms. Controlle mention about the
table she ordered?
(A) It was damaged during delivery.
(B) She was misinformed about its size
(C) Sizes
(D) aspects
recipient.
(C) It informs the customer that they are
eligible for a discount.
(B) The replacement of product #X110.
(C) The arrangements for a business trip.
(D) The publishing of a catalog.
(D) It indicates that a payment will be
processed in April.
177. For what product was Ergomath Design most
likely billed incorrectly?
180. In the e-mail, the word "dimensions" in
paragraph 1, line 9, is closest in meaning to
(A) elements
(B) directions
Test 2
176. What is true about the invoice?
(A) It details how to contact the delivery
company.
(B) It contains the delivery address of the
179. What will Mr. Rollings most likely talk about
with Mr. Mobile?
(A) The agenda for Ergomath Design's board
meeting.
54
Additional comments
I consider myselfa very hard-working and enthusiastic individual, who has the ability to work well
both as part of a team and individually. I have almost 18 months of experience using Cityscape at
my most recent job as a designer, and I feel that I have a good understanding of the program. I
also believe myself to be a friendly and approachable person, maintaining good working
relationships with all of my colleagues. Iwould also like to mention that I am contracted to my
current company until the end of May.
Name: Nathan Bridges
Address: 402 Greenacre Road, Albuquerque, NM
Tel. no.: 555-0115
Academic qualifications:
Four-year degree in Graphic Design from The University of Albuquerque
Previous experience:
- Runefix Graphic Solutions Graphic Designer
Cutting Edge Design Design Assistant
Maxifun Bike Rental Store Assistant
Base-Solutions
Job Application Form
Position Applied For: Graphic Designer
Date Completed: February 2
- Extensive knowledge of the Cityscape computer software and 2+ years of experience
using this program are essential
A strong work ethic and an ability to work well within a team. Robust communication
skills are also desirable, along with a friendly and personable demeanor
Application process: Please senda completed application form addressed directly to
Caroline Hams, Team Manager at Base-Solutions, 54 Jesse Avenue, Albuquerque, NM
92013 by February 27. Successful candidates will be invited to attend an interview on
March 11.
Location: Base-Solutions, 18 Carver Street, Albuquerque. Role to begin January 2.
Role: As an experienced graphic designer, you will be working closely with coworkers to
produce high-quality, sophisticated architectural designs that adhere to current citywide planning guidelines. You will be responsible for liaising with clients in order to
determine the specifications they require. You will also be required to use the Cityscape
computer program, and be comfortable with using this software to output your designs.
Requirements:
- A four-year degree from a university or equivalent
Questions 181-185 refer to the following advertisement and form.
Job Opening
Job Title: Graphic Designer
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 55
183. Where is Mr. Bridges currently employed?
(A) Base-Solutions
(B) Cutting Edge Design
(C) Maxifun Bike Rental
(D) Runefix Graphic Solutions
(A) HIS current emp act
expire.
(B) His employment visa will be processed
by the government.
(C) He will host a conference call.
(D) He will submit an application.
Test 2
(D) Delivering presentations
182. What is the deadline for application
submissions?
(A) February 2
(B) February 27
(C) March 11
(D) July 9
(B) He does not hold a university
qualification.
(C) He has never worked as part of a team
before.
(D) He is on vacation on the interview date.
185. What does Mr. Bridges indicate will take
place in May?
181. What is NOT a stated duty of the job?
(A) Meeting with clients
(B) Using some specific computer software
(C) Following city planning regulations
184. Why might Mr. Bridges be considered
unsuitable for the job?
(A) He does not have sufficient experience
with some software.
56
T0% OI
International Package: Moving to Madrid? Relocating to Singapore? Our experts are
here to help make any move abroad go as smoothly as possible. Crane Movers offer a
wide range of services from assisting with visa and immigration forms to picking the best mode of international transportation.
Please contact us at 800-555-0184 to speak to one of our representatives and receive a
free price quotation on allour packages.
Residential Package: Whether individuals or families are moving to the next town or
across the country, our movers will carefully pack belongings and bring them safely to
their destination. Crane Movers wants to help college students during the month of
August. Show a form of student identification and receive a free Tyrell Bookstore gift
certificate after your move.
Corporate Package: Is your company relocating? Our professionals are prepared to
help you and your employees transfer to a new place of business. We'lltake great care
of your business' machinery, documents, and other goods. Crane Movers is also offering 108off
Crane Movers
With over 300 locations all over the country, Crane Movers offers the best moving
services. Our team is committed to ensuring your belongings are taken safely from one
place to another. And we're now offering a free tracking system for cross-country
moves so you know where your belongings are at all times.
cmug me прanes, an woud ke you
this. I have attached a list of the requirements we have, so please refer to the central
points when trying to find the company that best fits our needs. It is particularly
important we find a company with good insurance coverage. When you have finished,
e-mail me a list of the best choices. Thanks.
Kyle
From:
Subject:
Kyle Kim <kkim@bgiocorp.com>
Company Relocation
Date: August 2
Attachment: Requirements
Hi Sophie,
The board has finally decided our company will move to Seattle on October 24. Now,
the next sten is researching the different moving companiec and Iwould lirouou to do
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail, advertisement, and review.
E-Mail Message
To: Sophie Hamm <shamm@bgiocorp.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 57
(D) important
188. What is included in the Residential Package?
(A) Handling of oversized furniture
(B) Special rates for families
(C) Reduced international shipping fees
(D) Free cost consultations
(D) Her company moved across the country.
(B) To give some instructions
(C) To explain a company policy
(D) To recommend a service
187. In the e-mail, the word "central" in paragraph
1, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) middle
(B) close
190.
(B) It has an overseas office in Madrid.
(C) Its busiest moving season is August.
(D) It employs over 300 truck drivers.
What is suggested about Ms. Hamm?
(A) She applied for a Singaporean work visa.
(B) She frequently visits Tyrell Bookstore.
(C) Her company received a discounted
moving price
service. We were able to track all our boxes in transit, and everything was
delivered in great shape. I would definitely recommend the corporate package to
other companies.
186. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To arrange a board meeting
189. What is probably true about Crane Movers?
(A) It offers moving insurance.
HOME
Written by: Sophie Hamm
Date: October 30
MENUS REVIEWS LOCATIONS
Our company used Crane Movers one week ago when our office relocated. The
move could not have gone smoother.We were so pleased with their professional
Test 2
Testimonials
58
In order to arrange a visit to our New York offices, I will contact you by phone on
April 2 at 10:30 A.M. If you have any questions or concerns before then, please feel free to contact me.
Sincerely,
Deborah McGill
Deborah McGill
Enclosures
714 Franklin Road
Chicago, IL 60600
Dear Mr. Jacobs,
Thank you for submitting your work, Overcoming the Odds. I thoroughly enjoyed reading your story, and I would be honored to publish it in The Carlberg.
I have enclosed some instructions and documents on the next steps of the
publication process. Please read the forms carefully. Also enclosed are some notes
from our editors about shortening your five-page story.
uoissions by tne same appncant can be made up to tumes per year.
March 23
Nathan Jacobs 1711 1 ת
The Carlberg
1. Ihe work cannot be submitted by anyone other than the writer himself.
2. Applicants must submit original work. The work cannot have been published or will be
published anywhere else such as in books, magazines, journals, Web sites, etc.
3. The work must be submitted in English. Translations are allowed, but the work must not
have been published in English elsewhere.
4. Each work must be 2,000 words (4 pages) or less. It must stand alone as an individual
piece. It cannot be identified as part of any sequence of work.
5. Each applicant is allowed to submit one original piece of work per submission.
Suhmiginne bu
Submission Rules
Thank you for your interest in contributing to The Carlberg. The Carlberg reviews literary
submissions regularly throughout the year. We only take submissions on our Web site, and
our review process can take anywhere from two to four months.
Please adhere to the following guidelines:
Questions 191-195 refer to the following information, letter, and e-mail.
The Carlberg
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 2 59
193. What is indicated about the first draft of
Overcoming the Odds?
(A) It was co-authored.
(B) It was part of a series of books.
(C) It was over a word limit.
(D) It was translated in Spanish.
(D) write
192. What is true about The Carlberg submission
process?
(A) It takes place from March to June.
(B) Entries are reviewed within two months.
(C) Applicants can submit their work by mail.
(D) One applicant can submit multiple
entries.
195. What is suggested about Mr. Jacobs?
(A) He published his first story in July.
(B) He visited Ms. McGill's office in Chicago.
(C) He wrote an autobiography.
(D) He signed a book deal with Ms.
Cameron.
191. What is The Carlberg?
(A) A travel newsletter
(B) A literary magazine
(C) A business newspaper
(D) A scientific journal
194. In the e-mail, the word "reflect" in paragraph
1, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) light
(B) copy
(C) think
ney
many obstacles he faces. The story made me reflect on my own life and the
meaning of never giving up. The author's humorous approach combined
with his gift of words made Overcoming the Odds a great read. I was
shocked to learn he has never been published before. I look forward to
more incredible stories from him in the future.
Heather Cameron
From: heather@rmail.com
Date: July 28
Subject: To Editors
Dear editors of The Carlberg,
I am writing to express my delight with this month's short fiction piece
round tho world and how he overcomes thel
Test 2
*E-mail*
To: comments@thecarlberg.com
60
M.
Number of People: 20
Equipment List: cameras, tripods, microphones, lighting stands
Special Requests: Our production team noticed a greenhouse in the northwest corner
of Orchid Place and wanted to know if we could have permission to film inside the
greenhouse as well.
Production Company Name: Plent Film Productions
Phone Number: 555-0094
Type of Film: Documentary
Requested Location for Filming: Orchid Place
Requested Date for Filming: August 28
Requested Time for Filming?R
Symon Botanical Gardens
Permit Application for Filming
Name: Cassandra Wiley
Ted Forest: After years of restoration, the forest has finally reopened to the public.
Visitors can trek through the forest on guided paths to see trees, plants, and animals.
Gold Lawn: There will be live performances that are free for all guests every Thursday night. Some special performers include The Falcons Jazz Band and Symon City
Orchestra.
For more information about upcoming and current exhibits as well as our permanent
and seasonal gardens click HERE
Symon Botanical Gardens opened over 40 years ago and currently has over 20 gardens
on a 250-acre land in the center of Symon City. Symon Botanical Gardens is open
throughout the year Tuesday through Sunday from 7 A.M. to 7 P.M. Exceptions can be
made for special exhibitions, previews, and events causing early or late closures of
specific areas. For individual and group ticket prices, click HERE.
Events happening in July:
Water Lilies Pond: Starting in mid-July, these beautiful pink, yellow, and purple water lilies bloom and can start to be seen gracing a pond across from Heath Consen/aton
Questions 196-200 refer to the following Web page, form, and notice.
Symon Botanical Gardens
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 2 61
(C) Unload some equipment near a
greenhouse
(D) Give a ticket discount for a group of 20
people
Botanical Gardens in July?
(A) A musical act
(B) A flower display
(C) A conservatory tour
(D) A guided walk
198. What did Ms. Wiley most likely request
Symon Botanical Gardens do?
(A) Contact a jazz band for a performance
(B) Open an area earlier than its usual time
(A) book
(B) strength
(C) container
(D) weight
196. What is indicated about Symon Botanical
Gardens?
(A) It closes early on Tuesdays.
(B) It is government-run by Symon City.
(C) The special exhibits are held indoors.
199. Where most likely is the notice posted?
(D) Some gardens are open year-round.
200.
197. What will NOT be available at Symon
(A) At Water Lilies Pond
(B) At Ted Forest
(C) At Gold Lawn
(D) At Orchid Place
In the notice, the word "volume" in paragraph
1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
visitors until 2 P.M. We kindly ask all guests to keep the
volume of their voices to a minimum so as not to
disrupt filming. In the meantime, please visit all our
other great exhibits and gardens.
-Symon Botanical Gardens
est 2
Notice
This area will be temporarily closed for a film
production on August 28. Access will be limited to all
64
104. Guests at the banquet were------- served a
dessert after the main meal.
(A) also
(B) either
(C) whether
(D) both
108. After a commission structure was introduced,
sales employees worked ------- than they did
before.
(A) hardness
(B) hard
(C) harder
(D) hardest
(D) himself
103. The-- box left over from the television
delivery should be recycled.
(A) urgent
(B) absent
(C) empty
(D) notable
(C) instead of
(D) owing to
107. There were no customers in the restaurant,
but it stayed open until 10 P.M. ------.
(A) else
(B) rather
(C) soon
(D) anyway
(B) was signed
(C) was signing
(D) signed
102. Mr. Mercer had to pull over so-----
overheated engine could cool off.
(A) his
(B) him
(C) he
(B) reliable
(C) reliability
(D) reliably
106. Many attendees were late for the conference
------- the traffic congestion near the
convention hall.
(A) yet
(B) ever
onid DeloW.TOul allswel СПОСes an
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. The contract ------- by the representatives
after a few hours of negotiations.
(A) sign
105. Employees need a ------- form of
transportation to get to work on time.
(A) relies
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or pbrase is missing in each of the santences helow Fоиг эрзиwor choico aro
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts and
(D) her
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 65
114. The guidebook reported that each room in
Dovetail Inn is--- decorated in a different
theme.
(A) attractively
(B) attractive
(C) attraction
(D) attracted
(D) adversely
120. As the IT office was already closed, Ms.
Goldstein had to make the repairs to the
copy machine ----.
(A) she
(B) herself
(C) hers
113. Because the licensing agreement was so
important, the----for Redbud Media spent
a lot of time preparing for it.
(A) negotiation
(B) negotiated
(C) negotiator
(D) negotiating
(C) depicts
(D) depict
119. Experts confirmed that the wildlife in Houston
Lake could be- affected if a
manufacturing plant is built nearby.
(A) lately
(B) evenly
(C) mutually
112. It was fortunate that the outdoor music
festival was held on------- a sunny and
breezy day.
(A) more
(B) very
(C) such
(D) much
(C) acceptance
(D) frequency
118. With the help of a professional graphic
designer, Newark Industries wants to create
a logo that------ its corporate values.
(A) depicting
(B) depicted
(C) during
(D) across
111. Ms. Salem- her first design job for a
fashion magazine three months ago.
(A) started
(B) starts
(C) will start
(D) startina
(B) consulted
(C) encouraged
(D) developed
117. Due to the------- of her absences from work,
Ms. Antonio was poorly rated on her
employee evaluation.
(A) movement
(B) termination
(C) if
(D) ahead
110. The awards ceremony will be broadcast
------ the country this evening at 7 P.M.
Eastern time.
(A) readily
(B) aboard
(B) over
(C) off
(D) around
116. The company ---- a legal expert before
releasing a product that was similar to that of
its competitor.
(A) recognized
Test
109. Do not turn off the printer --the final page
of the report is still printing.
(A) there
(B) then
115. Because the sales director's presentation ran
so long, attendees could not bringother
topics during the meeting.
(A) up
66
125. Scholars found that a direct- of the text
from Chinese to English resulted in a loss of
the author's intentions.
(A) translator
(B) translate
(C) translation
(D) translated
130. Ashe Cosmetics releaseda popular skincare
line-- the moisturizing effects of aloe and
coconut oil.
(A) combines
(B) combine
(C) combining
(D) combined
124. Should the alarm fail to turn off when the
authorization code is entered, contact---
129.
as soon as possible.
(A) us
(B) our
(C) ours
(D) we
(D) degrees
-------the misspelling of the interviewee's
name was discovered, the article had already
gone to print.
(A) Suddenly
(B) By the time
(C) Meanwhile
(D) Now that
(C) revenue
(D) payroll
123. Through decades of research, Dr. Carter has
become the leading ------- on natural pain
relief techniques.
(A) expertly
(B) experts
(C) expert
(C) abandoning
(D) abandoned
128. The strongest economic -------suggest that
the currency's value will increase steadily this
quarter.
(A) indicators
(B) merits
(C) alternates
(D) AS
(C) Such as
(D) According to
122. Thanks to the---earned from the sale of
its former manufacturing site, the company
had surplus funds.
(A) salary
(B) account
(B) aterward
(C) rather
(D) toward
127. One of the technicians proved that---- the
project would be the best decision for the
company in the long run.
(A) abandons
(B) abandon
121.- ten o'clock this morning, the polls were
favoring senatorial candidate Natasha Horne
to win by 6%.
(A) Instead of
(R) d
126. The performance will last for around two
hours, and audience members may meet the
director -
(A) just
ח
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 67
(D) eacm couneimember serves a iwoyear term.
(D) could have been used
132. (A) What
(B) Which
(C) That
(D) Who
(D) example
134. (A) Departmental budgets are adjusted
annually.
(B) Seating is available on a first-come,
first-served basis.
(C) Higher than usual attendance is
expected.
Rosewood Community Center. All residents are invited to attend the meeting.Therefore, 134.
residents should keep their comments brief so that everyone has a chance to speak.
131. (A) will use
(B) had been using
(C) are used
133. (A) result
(B) technique
(C) matter
and Recreation Department by 12%. The eighteen sites within the park systemby residents of 131.
all ages for recreation and relaxation. Supporters of the change argue that the current amount of
funding is not enough."we need is financial support for facility improvements," says Council 132.
Member Dena Walters. "The current budget only covers maintenance."
The 122 will be discussed at the upcoming city council meeting at 7 P.M. on March 28 at the
Four answer cholces for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
March 16-The Rosewood Gity Council is considering a measure to increase funding for the Parks
Questions 131-134 refer to the following article.
Test 3
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
68
136. (A) Although
(B) While
(C) Unlike
(D) Despite
(C) This product is eligible for return under our
company policy.
(D) The heater is designed to be used in
rooms of various sizes.
138. (A) continued
(B) were continuing
(C) will continue
D) had contin
Tatsuto Sakai
135. (A) perishable
(B) reluctant
(C) defective
(D) careless
137. (A) We are happy to either refund your
purchase or provide a replacement.
(B) Thank you for your understanding of this
situation.
will be sure to report this issue to the factory foreman.
.Whichever option you decide to choose, please accept the attached discount coupon to use 137.
toward your next purchase. It can be used online by inputting the sixteen-digit code at checkout. We
hope you 138. to be a VC Appliances customer.
Sincerely,
Date: uary
Subject: RE: Return request
Dear Ms. Nguyen,
We received your message about the problem with your recent order in which the Firefly-360 heater
had a- power cord. We're very sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.our 135. 136.
best efforts at quality control, sometimes faulty items do end up leaving our production facility. We
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Lan Nguyen <nguyenl@trimail.net>
From: VC Appliances <orders@vcappliances.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 69
(C) access
(D) accessibility
140. (A) accommodations
(B) fees
(C) presenters
(D) requirements
(C) strengthen
(D) pursue
142. (A) The registration process has now closed.
(B) We hope you had as much fun as last
year.
(C) A larger venue may be more suitable.
(D) This will ensure that a spot is saved for
you.
Sincerely,
Shannon Payne
Event Coordinator, SBOA
139. (A) accessible
(B) accessibly
141. (A) volunteer
(B) instruct
Ine event Will be neld at the Jenkins Center. If you are traveling fromout oftown, please see the
enclosed details regarding SBOA has negotiated discounted rates with these hotels for our 140.
participants.
This workshop is an excellent way to your skills. Space is limited, so if you are interested in 141.
taking part in this event, be sure to register by the August 10 deadline. 142.
941 Joy Lane
Burbank, CA 91502
Dear Mr. Berry,
On behalf of the Small Business Owners Association (SBOA), I would like to invite you to our annual
leadership workshop. This year, we have selected Boston as the host city, due to itslocation. 139.
Test
3
Questions 139-142 refer to the following letter.
Tyrone Berry
70
passenger fares.
(D) A high volume of travelers is expected
at Randall Station.
144. (A) in spite of
(B) provided that
(C) as well as
(D) because of
146. (A) permission
(B) confirmation
(C) settlement
(D) outcome
departure and arrival times, visit www.nationalrail1.com.
143. (A) The Randall Station ticketing office will
be closed on January 1.
145. (A) thorough
(B) Passengers are reminded to allow for
extra travel time.
(C) Mational Rail has plane to incre
(B) distinctive
(C) valid
(D) feasible
146.
the following day. Passengers may still purchase tickets from the automated ticketing machines
online. Staff members will be located throughout the terminal to assist passengers with 144.
inquiries.
Please note that commuter passes are not- on public holidays. Passengers must purchase a
145.
separate ticket for their journey. If you do not have a ticket to present to the conductor, you may be
subiect to a fine The trains will run on an amended schedule during tho holidau Eor
Questions 143-146 refer to the following notice.
143. This will be done in recognition of the public holiday. Ticketing agents will be available again
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 71
Taking an orde
(D) Processing a payment (C) He is using PC Solutions for the first
time.
(D) He will pick up an item on March 20.
Special instructions: Customer has paid in full for screen replacement
and scratch-resistant coating. A 15% new customer discount was applied.
147. What is Mr. Crawford responsible for?
(A) Delivering an item
(B) Making a repair
(C)Tolin
148. What can be inferred about Mr. Pierce?
(A) He purchased a protective case for his
device.
(B) Ho procontod a coupon for the senvices
1958 Tyler Avenue, 248-555-0171
Date: March 20
Customer name: David Pierce
Model: Viex Co. R-20 Tablet
Completion date: March 22
Order accepted by: Anna Bernard
Phone number: 248-555-0174
Description of issue: Cracked screen
Technician: Jason Crawford
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Dr 50ITTONC
Questions 147-148 refer to the following form.
Test
3
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
72
(A) To request additional funds
(B) To tell about a changed budget
(C) To promote a product
(D) To explain a pricing error
Manufacturing?
(A) It has an excellent safety record.
(B) It is the largest factory in the area.
(C) It has the lowest labor prices.
(D) It is popular on social media.
positively on your company.
Sincerely,
Jeanette Aguayo
WPA Manufacturing
149. What is the purpose ofthe e-mail? 150 What does Ms Aquavo suddest about WWPA
don
Button, zipper, rivets $1.24
Distressed finish $0.84
Factory overhead $0.39
Total $8.33
The rate may be slightly higher than those of our competitors, but our company has the
fewest on-site accidents of any facility in the region. Many socially conscious consumers
pay attention to this factor when making purchasing decisions, and this will reflect
offer too high, so I have discussed the issue with our fabrication team. Considering you
would require a bulk order, we have adjusted the figures as below. Please note that this is the best offer we can provide.
Valley Fashion: Production Cost Summary
Updated January 7
Category Cost per item
Labor $2.91
Fabric 1
From: Jeanette Aguayo <aguayoj@wpamanufacturing.com>
Date: January 8
Subject: Details
Dear Mr. Kinnard,
It was a pleasure meeting with you to discuss the feasibility of Valley Fashion using our facility to produce the jeans for your new product line. I know you considered our initial
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
To:
E-Mail message
Elias Kinnard <e.kinnard@valley-fashion.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 73
schedule.
(C) Its employees receive the same fixed pay
rate.
(D) It requires two years of experience.
(B) Three days
(C) One week
(D) Two weeks
which will be at the place of employment.
151. What is indicated about the position?
(A) Its benefits increase after a trial period.
(B) Its applicants must have a flexible
152. How long will employees train at the
Huntington branch?
(A) Two days
two years of experience in the automotive repair industry or
certification from a technical school.
Applications should be sent to hr@tgautomotive.net by October 5.
Interviews will be held over a three-day period (October 9-11), and
successful applicants will begin work on October 15. New
employees must undergo two weeks of paid training, the first of
which will take place at the Huntington branch, and the second of
Openings at TG Automotive
TG Automotive is currently seeking vehicle mechanics for its
Renwick and Abbott branches. The work for these full-time
positions will be exclusively during the daytime, as weekend and
evening shifts are not required. Wages are negotiable, and
employees will be eligible for health insurance and paid vacation
after a six month probationary period Applicants must have eitherl
Test3
Questions 151-152 refer to the following job announcement.
74
Street.
153. At 3:16 P.M., what does Mr. Nowak mean
when he writes, "Probably not"?
(A) He does not have enough materials.
(B) He is unable to assist with a task.
(C) He does not think the supplies will arrive.
(D) He is having trouble finding Hillcrest
154. Who most likely is Mr. Nowak?
(A) An equipment supplier
(B) An electrician
(C) A real estate agent
(D) A mover
It was, but some of the wiring is worn and I need to
replace it so it's not a safety hazard when the electricity is
turned back on.
Salvo Trevisano
OK. I understand.
3:21 р.м.
ive some neip umidading it. will you be able to get back
here by then?
Jaromir Nowak
Probably not.
3:16 P.M.
Salvo Trevisano 3:18 P.M.
Really? I thought it was only supposed to be a short job.
Jaromir Nowak 3:20 P.M.
Salvo Trevisano
Are you still at the Hillcrest Street property?
3:08 P.M.
Jaromir Nowak
Yes. What's up?
3:14 P.M.
Salvo Trevisano 3:15 р.м.
The supplier will deliver some materials around 4, and I'd lilco
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 75
156. How long has Ms. Thorpe lived in Oakland?
(A) Three years
(B) Five years
(C) Seven years
(D) Ten years
effort to make her feel welcome.
155. What is the purpose of the memo?
(A) To introduce an employee
(B) To endorse a job candidate
(C) To provide client information
(D) To announce a promotion
157. The word "cover" in paragraph 2, line 10, is
closest in meaning to
(A) protect
(B) hide
(C) include
(D) report
Stress Reduction Association (SRA), a charity committed to
teaching others about healing through relaxation techniques.
She moved to Oakland three years ago and started working at
the Laurel Center, where she was awarded Employee of the
Year. Due to the Laurel Center's upcoming closure, she was
searching for similar work. Ms. Thorpe's skills cover a wide
range of techniques, so we are excited to have her on board.
Her first day here will be Monday, October 7. Please make an
t teani nas bee
applicants for a massage therapist position. We are pleased to
announce that we have found someone to join our team, Angela
Thorpe.
Ms. Thorpe is a state-certified massage therapist who received
her initial training ten years ago from the Grundy Institute.
She spent seven years working at the day spa at Jasper Hotel
in Santa Barbara. During her time there, she started the
Test 3
Questions 155-157 refer to the following memo.
To: All Staff September 30
With Summit Spa's plans to extend its business hours, the
toom bog boon вonduating intorviews of
76
(B) [2] (A) For its reasonable prices
(B) For its brand recognition (C) [3]
(C) For its similar customer base (D) [4]
(D) For its stable distribution network
158. What can be inferred about Kroft Koffee?
(A) It has branches inside Birchtree stores.
(B) It is under new management.
(C) It changes its menu seasonally.
(D) It has recently expanded overseas.
159. According to the article, why was Birchtree
selected by Kroft Koffee?
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Most branches reported selling just a few of
the drinks in the entire first week that the
product was offered."
(A) [11
While Kroft Koffee itself has had strong sales over the
past year, it is yet to be determined whether the Express
line will succeed.- [3] -. This poor result comes
despite Kroft Koffee's heavy investment in marketing
campaigns for television and social media. Even the most
optimistic analysts predict that the goods will be pulled
from shelves within a few months.- [4]-
The new line of drinks, sold under the name Kroft Koffee
Express, launched last week and is being sold exclusively
at the Birchtree grocery store chain. - [2] -. The line
includes chilled versions of the business's lattes,
cappuccinos, and Americanos. "We're pleased to be
partnering with Birchtree," Cardoso said. "Its shoppers
and ours are alike, so we believed it was a perfect match."
armchairs, contemporary artwork, and soft folk music,
Kroft Koffee has become known internationally for being
the perfect meeting place for a cozy afternoon with
friends. But now the company has made a move to bring
its products to consumers' homes as well.-[1]-. CЕO
Diego Cardoso, who recently took over for Isabelle
Hammond, had a vision for stocking Kroft Koffee
products in stores.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
Kroft Koffee Launches
Grocery Store Line
NASHVILLE. June 15-With its mismatched sofas and
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 77
(C) Leaving soap on tank surfaces
(D) Exposing plant roots to the air
(A) Performing an initial setup
(B) Selecting the right fish
(C) Cleaning a fish tank
(D) Replacing dirty tank water
162. What are users instructed to avoid doing?
(A) Overfilling the tank with water
(B) Getting electrical components wet
provided?
(A) Order fish for the tank
(B) Make a warranty claim
(C) Request a missing part
(D) Get a copy of a document
4. Check that the water is room temperafure. Aad lish o ihe
If you are missing parts, please call our customer service line at 1-800-555-0166.
For a duplicate warranty card, e-mail Patrick Davis at pdavis@tetrexaq.com.
161. What is the information mainly about? 163. What can users do by e-mailing the address
tank about 75% full. Add any live or plastic plants. Handle the roots of live
plants gently, and make sure they are completely covered. Fill the rest of the
tank with water.
3. Hang the filter on the side of the tank, ensuring that the filter is submerged.
Allow the filter to soak for at least 20 minutes before turning on the filter
pump.
Thank you for purchasing a Tetrex FreshwaterAquarium. To get started on enjoying
the relaxing hobby of keeping fish, follow the steps below.
1. Wash the interior of the tank with warm, soapy water. Be sure to rinse the
sides of the tank thoroughly so that no residue remains, as this can be toxic
to fish.
2 Cover the bottom of the tank with pebbles or decorative gravel and fill the
Test 3
Questions 161-163 refer to the following information.
Tetrex Freshwater Aquarium
78
(D) Change a deadline
165. Why is the writers' company unable to
accommodate a request?
(A) They no longer produce the desired item.
(B) They do not have enough employees.
(C) They are planning to relocate to
Pittsburg.
(D) They are waiting for replacement
components.
(B) He is too busy to help Ms. Brady.
(C) He disagrees with the proposal.
(D) He doubts the branch has enough
workers.
167. What does Ms. Brady say she will do?
(A) Place a rush order
(B) Updatea customer
(C) Work overtime
164. Who most likely is Mr. Shinn?
(A) A production manager
(B) A fashion designer
(C) A bank employee
(D) A fabric supplier
166. At 11:17 A.M., what does Mr. Cramer most
likely mean when he writes, "I don't think
so"?
(A) He thinks transportation costs are too
high.
Bruce Murphy [11:21 A.M.] Yes, that shouldn't be a problem.
Albert Cramer [11:21 A.M.] I'll make sure his order is processed first after everything is up and
running so that we can meet the original deadline.
Sarah Brady [11:23 A.м.] OK. Then I'd better let him know about the status of his order.
Thanks for the information.
SEND
Albert Cramer [11:17 A.M.] I don't think so.
Sarah Brady [11:18 A.M.] Oh, really? Why not?
Albert Cramer [11:18 A.м.] I had a phone meeting with the production manager there yesterday,
and he said they have a number of rush orders. So, I'm sure they
couldn't take on any more work at the moment.
Sarah Brady [11:20 A.м.] All right. Well, despite the delays on our end, we can still finish Mr.
Shinn's order by the originally agreed date, can't we?
Bruce Murphy [11:15 А.м.]
he's wondering if they can be delivered on April 9 instead of April 17.
Unfortunately, the main blade on the cutting machine broke. I've
ordered a new one, but it's going to take a few days to arrive. I've
reassigned some employees to work on sewing projects in the
meantime.
Sarah Brady [11:16 А.м.] What about taking the fabric to our site in Pittsburg and having the
cutting done there? It would include some transportation costs, but I
think that would work out fine
Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Sarah Brady [11:13 A.M.] I've just spoken to Mr. Shinn, the representative from Doucet. He had
ordered some uniforms for his branch's tellers and loan officers, and
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 79
(D) Job applicants
169. The word "sound" in paragraph 1, line 4, is
closest in meaning to
(A) positive
(B) thorough
(C) durable
(D) noisy
(D) To Vine Hall
171. What is Mr. Reiter responsible for doing?
(A) Distributing orientation materials
(B) Answering payroll questions
(C) Issuing parking passes
(D) Performing safety training
HR Director, Brantley, Inc.
168. Who most likely are the recipients?
(A) Safety inspectors
(B) Lab technicians
(C) Team leaders
170. Where should the recipients go upon arrival?
(A) To Delano Tower
(B) To the Stokes Building
(C) To the Elliot Building
If you plan on driving to work, you'll need a pass to leave your vehicle in one of the on-site
lots. These are available at no cost, pending availability, and can be obtained from Steven
Reiter. He can be reached at extension 251. All employees must wear a photo ID badge at
all times. You should get one from the security office as soon as you arrive on your first day.
Please feel free to contact me with questions at any time. I look forward to getting to know
you all better,
Taylor Diehl
of our policies and expectations. In the meantime, I'd like to summarize some of the
sites in our multi-building complex.
key
All of you will be stationed in Delano Tower, which is the center of our operations.
Additional equipment can be procured from the warehouse in the Stokes Building, but a
request must be made in advance. If you experience any safety issues, there is an on-site
nurse available in the Elliot Building, which is also the home of our security office.
Questions regarding payroll and benefits are handled by our finance department, which is
located in Vine Hall. Their extension number is 300.
On behalf of Brantley, Inc., I would like to welcome you all on board. We strive for
accuracy and efficiency in the testing and analysis of laboratory samples, and you will play
an important role in this regard. Your individual team leaders will be getting in touch soon
to provide further orientation materials, which will help you to have a sound understanding
Date: March 2
Subject: Hello
Test 3
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message
To: Undisclosed Recipients
Erom Tavlor Diehl diehlt@brantlevinc com&
80
Sincerely,
Jamcs Landry
James Landry
Owner, Landry, Inc.
obviously this would need to be improved upon. I'm more than willing to take
your advice regarding the appearance of the logo.
I hope you are available to take on this project. I would like to set upa meeting
where I could explain my needs in detail. - [4]-. At that time, you could give me
a rough estimate of what the initial, and ongoing fees would be. I can be reached
by phone at 305-555-0192. I look forward to hearing from you!
got thme hyet or your bushes
in the mail, I thought you would be perfect.
Our current "logo" is just the name of the business in an attractive font. I would
like to change this to a recognizable picture that can be used on our Web site,
promotional materials, business cards, etc. - [2] -. Because we deal with
landscaping and property maintenance, I would like the logo to incorporate the
image of a leaf or a tree. -[3]-. This is so that it will match the uniforms that
our emplovees wear. I have enclosed a sketch of what I hay od but
Kansas City, KS 64106
Dear Mr. Singer,
I am writing to you about the possibility of hiring you to create a new logo and
Web site for my landscaping business, Landry, Inc. We have been in operation for
about eight years, and we currently get a lot of business from recommendations
by friends. However, we are trying to expand the business, so we plan to launch a
Web site to advertise our service 111 hon I got tho flor for uoun hu
Questions 172-175 refer to the following letter.
Richard Singer
323 Westwood Avenue
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 81
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(C) By receiving a promotional flyer
(D) By reading a newspaper advertisement
173. What has been included with the letter?
(A) A sample contract
(B) A drawing of an idea
(C) A photo of a uniform
(D) A business brochure
(C) uneven
(D) approximate
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"I also want navy blue to be used as one of
the colors in it."
Test 3
172. How did Mr. Landry find out about Mr.
Singer's business?
(A) By performing an online search
(B) By getting a friend's recommendation
174. The word "rough" in paragraph 3, line 3 is
closest in meaning to
(A) forceful
(B) difficult
82
will be delivered, and I don't really have space for both pieces in the room.
Sincerely,
Ye Chao
To Whom It May Concern:
I purchased a mahogany writing desk at your store on May 15, and it was delivered
to my home yesterday. While I think it's a lovely piece, and it's the perfect size for
my home office, I'm afraid I need to return the item. Unfortunately, the shade of the
wood does not match the floorboards as I had expected.
Please e-mail me back to let me know what I need to do next. I'd like to get the item
returned hy May 24 if nossible hecause that's when the renlacement desk Iordered
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
*E-mail*
Charter Antiques <inquiries@charterantiques.com>
Ye Chao <chaoye@premiuminbox.com>
May 20
Antique desk
same condntion and at the castomer s exper
Antique Refurbishments: If you have an old item that you love, we can bring it back to its original
condition.
Sell Your Antiques: Send photos and a description to Al (al@charterantiques.com) and he can
tell you what it is worth (final offers will be made once the item is seen in person).
PAntiques
Owned and operated by Al Litchfield for the past two decades, Charter Antiques has one of the
largest collections of competitively priced antique furniture on the East Coast. Our inventory is
constantly changing, so we encourage you to visit the store regularly.
Antique Sales: We offer free delivery on all orders. If you're not satisfied with your purchase, you
may return it for a full refund within 30 days. Please note that the item must be returned in the
nomo pondition ond ot tho ount
Questions 176-180 refer to the following Web page and e-mail.
http://www.charterantiques.com/aboutus
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 83
(A) He is a regular customer of Charter
Antiques.
(B) He will have to pay some shipping costs.
(C) He is not eligible for a full refund.
(D) He has a private antique collection.
(A) He posts photos of the merchandise
online.
(B) He purchased the business from
someone else.
177. What is indicated about Charter Antiques'
owner? 180. Why does Mr. Chao want a transaction
completed quickly?
(A) To settle an issue before a trip
(B) To move into a new home
(C) To make room for some guests
(C) He can assess the value of furniture. (D) To prepare for another delivery
(D) He wants to open another location.
178 WWhat can be inferred about Mr Chao?
Test 3
176. What is NOT true about Charter Antiques?
(A) It matches the price of its competitors.
(B) It has been open for twenty years.
(C) Its merchandise changes regularly.
(D) It offers furniture restoration services.
179. What problem does Mr. Chao have with the
item?
(A) Its shape
(B) Its size
(C) Its color
(D) Its brand
84
wrightcomm.com or by sending a check to Write Communications
Billing Office, P.O. Box 1385, Bloomington, IN 47408. Please note that
you must add a $2.99 processing fee to all check payments.
Basic Internet Only $39.99
T-Basic Internet + Cable $49.99
P-Basic Internet + Phone $54.99
Premium Internet + Cable + Phone $89.99
Bills will be issued five days after the final day of the billing cycle.
Customers can make payments by credit card on our Web site at www.
Nando Deleon
Accounts Agent, Wright Communications
Wright Communications Packages
Package Services Monthly Charge
be ready on March 28. Because there will be no break in service, you will be billed the usual
amount for your package, which is $49.99. Regarding your inquiry, your billing cycle will not
change. It will continue to be from the 5th of each month to the 4th of the following month.
You also mentioned that you might want to add a cell phone to your package sometime next
month after you turn in the one from your company. This is very easy to do, and I have
attached a list of our packages for your information.
Thank you for being a Wright Communications customer!
Subject: RE: Account#49506
Dear Mr. Kasun,
We have received your request to transfer your Wright Communications services from 672
Franco Street to 1051 Orleans Avenue on March 28. The request has been officially made
on your account, and no further action is needed from you at this time.
The final day of service at your current residence will be March 27, and the new service will
Questions 181-185 refer to the following e-mail and form.
To:
From:
Date
Hamid Kasun <h.kasun@fast-mail.com>
Wright Communications <accounts@wrightcomm.com>
March 10
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 85
183. What can be inferred about Mr. Kasun?
(A) He was dissatisfied with a service.
(B) He is a new Wright Communications
customer.
(C) He currently uses a work-issued phone.
(D) He is considering downsizing his
package.
(D) To confirm a change of address
182. Which package is Ms. Kasun currently
using?
(A) Basic
(B) T-Basic
(C) P-Basic
(D) Premium
(C) April 9
(D) April 30
185. What is indicated about payments?
(A) They can be partially refunded.
(B) They may take a few days to process.
(C) They are more expensive by check.
(D) They will incur a fee if received late.
Test
181. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To request payment for services
(B) To introduce a new service
(C) To explain a policy changel
184. When most likely will Mr. Kasun receive his
next bill?
(A) March 31
(B) April 4
86
Vinay Narang
General Manager, Fortuna Restaurant
restaurant's outdoor patio. We believe this change to our business will be of interest to your
readers, and we would be happy to give you a tour on the event day and tell you more about
the change. The event will take place on Friday, June 18 at 11 a.m. You will have
opportunities to take pictures, and we even expect an appearance by a few city officials,
including Mayor Stephanie Gonzalez. Free food will be served, but we do ask that you reply
to this e-mail address to reserve your seat.
I hope to see you all there!
To:
From:
Date:
Undisclosed Recipients
Vinay Narang <v.narang@fortunarest.com>
June 12
Subject: Fortuna Restaurant
On behalf of Fortuna Restaurant, I would like to invite you all to the grand opening of our
The work will begin next week and the patio's grand opening is tentatively scheduled
for May 26, though this is subject to change depending on the construction's progress.
During construction, the rear section of the dining room will be closed off. The work
will include pulling up the bushes that surround the building, laying a stone floor, and
erecting a decorative metal fence. Thank you for your cooperation.
March 5
Fortuna Restaurant will undergo a construction project to add an outdoor patio to the
property. The patio will wrap around two sides of the restaurant. It will have a regular
section on Parson Avenue and a VIP section on the south side of the building with
views of Canterbury Lake.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following notice, e-mail, and article.
EMPLOYEE NOTICE: CHANGES AT FORTUNA RESTAURANT
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 87
(B) It resulted in a road closure.
(C) It experienced some delays.
(D) Its pictures were posted online.
(A) New restaurant employees
(B) Members of the press
(C) Local city officials
(D) Construction crew workers
188. What can be inferred about the construction
project?
(A) It was completed in two phases.
190. Which restaurant is probably the most
expensive?
(A) Linda's Café
(B) Fortuna Restaurant
(C) Pearl
(D) Marchini's
186. What is NOT indicated as part of the
remodeling project?
(A) Installing a stone floor
(B) Planting some bushes
(C) Putting up some fencing
(D) Removing some vegetation
187 WWho most likely was the e-mail sent to?
189. What is suggested about Mr. Gossett?
(A) He visited Fortuna Restaurant with a
friend.
(B) He has uploaded some photos of a patio.
(C) He sat in the VIP section of Fortuna
Restaurant.
(D) He currently works near Parson Avenue.
Fortuna Restaurant: 613 Parson Avenue,
555-0122
I loved the beautiful view of Canterbury Lake
when dining on Fortuna Restaurant's newly
built patio. The menu has a wide selection of
affordable appetizers and entrées.
dining.
Marchini's: 1806 16th Street, 555-0134
Specializing in Italian cuisine, Marchini's has
large portions for a low price. Outdoor
balcony tables should be reserved in advance
to avoid disappointment.
Summer is in full swing, and it's the perfect weather for some outdoor dining all around town.
Linda's Café: 922 Ingram Road, 555-0196
For casual meals on a budget, Linda's Café is
a great summer hotspot. I dined in their
rooftop section, which features tables with
large umbrellas for shade.
Pearl: 1705 Elk Street, 555-0164
Excellent service and exotic dishes make
Pearl a wonderful choice for special
occasions. The sophisticated atmosphere
makes it one of my top choices for fine
Test
Dining in Style
By Joel Gossett
88
Opposing Opinions 9:00 А.М.
Now at a new time slot! In this lively talk show, the panel takes on a different newsworthy topic
each week. This episode covers the recent presidential debate.
Behind the Scenes 10:00 A.м.
Award-winning director Louis Bryant discusses his recent film about soldiers. In the interview,
he tells about the planning and preparation that went into creating the epic wartime scenes.
Wake-Up, World!
Channel 9 Program Schedule: April 10
6:30 А.М.
Host Jenny Kirkland explores organization tips for your home. For everything from cosmetics
to photos, you'll discover how to keep your belongings out of the way and in good condition.
Music Spotlight 8:00 A.M.
A continuation of the series on the traditional music of Peru, this week features Mantaro Valley.
You'll learn how the area's brass band music preserves the history of the local people.
Benito Giordano, owner
(http://www.channel9guide.com
Home Now Playing Program Schedule Contact Us
The Icy Pavement: Starring Corey Underwood, this action film follows the life of a
1920s detective who is racing against time to bring down a criminal threatening the
elites of New York. The film received rave reviews from critics and numerous awards.
We Were There: Depicting army life during the time of the Spanish Civil War, 1936 to
1939, We Were There offers action-packed scenes alongside thought-provoking dialog.
The lead roles are masterfully played by Corey Underwood and Pat Avis, winning them
Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor, respectively.
Across the Sea: Based on the novel of the same name, Across the Sea is one of the
highest-grossing action movies to date. Set in the late 17th-century, the film stars
Corey Underwood as a mischievous pirate who tries to win the king's favor. Film critics
gave it 5 out of 5 stars.
Dawn at Sornhill: This critically acclaimed historical drama set in the Elizabethan
period follows one family's struggle with poverty. Bryant consulted leading historical
scholars on English history to ensure accuracy in all aspects of the film.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following list, schedule, and e-mail.
Most recent films by director Louis Brvant
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 3 89
193. wnat is true about
(A) Opposing Opinions features new
politicians each week.
(B) Music Spotlight has been moved to a
new time.
(C) Wake-Up, World! is the longest-running
morning show.
(D) The host of Behind the Scenes has
recently changed.
(D) They are all in the same genre.
192. Which movie was discussed on Channel 9?
(A) Across the Sea
(B) Dawn at Sornhill
(C) The Icy Pavement
(D) We Were There
(D) control
195. What can be inferred about Mr. Davenport?
(A) He has met Jenny Kirkland before.
(B) He watches Channel 9 daily.
(C) He is an expert at English history.
(D) His book was made into a movie.
191. What do all of Mr. Bryant's recent films have
in common?
(A) They were all praised by critics.
(B) They are all set in the past.
(C) They all star the same actor.
194. In the e-mail, the word "keep" in paragraph 2,
line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) preserve
(B) continue
(C) hold
interviewer did a fantastic job of capturing his personality.
In addition, I always enjoy the helpful and interesting topics presented by Jenny
Kirkland. Her show has been a part of the Channel 9 lineup since the beginning, and
the newer morning shows complement it perfectly. I hope you will keep providing
many excellent options for viewers.
Warmest regards,
Russell Davenport
Date: April 11
Subject: Channel 9 programming
To Whom It May Concern:
I'm writing to let you know that I am a big fan of your morning shows. I'm not always
free when they're on, but I made a point of watching yesterday's programs because I
was interested in the interview with Louis Bryant. I had the opportunity to meet him on
set when I was acting as a consultant for Dawn at Sornhill, and I thought your
Test 3
E-Mail Message
To: feedback@channel9guide.com
From: Russell Davenport <davenportr@bb-inbox.com>
90
expensive due to its size.
decided to buy a sandoval mattress because I thought that Sandoval had many strong
points, including its high quality and reasonable prices. I've been using it for about two
weeks, and I especially like how the foam doesn't absorb heat, so it keeps the surface of
the mattress the same temperature all night. I would not recommend buying the standard
pillow, as it is too high for sleeping on your back.
I haven't bought a cover for the mattress yet, but I'm considering it because it is designed
to soak up sweat and other moisture under your sheets. The Web site says that it can be
taken off, but I'm not sure whether or not it has to be dry cleaned which would be
New contour pillow coming July 1!
http://www.sandoval.net/customerforum
Posted July 4 by Woo-Seok Choi
King (150 x 200cm): £1,999
Super King (180 x 200cm): £2,399
Accessories:
Mattress cover (twin/double/king/super king): £20/£25/£30/£35
Standard memory foam pillow: £50
Sleeping mask: £10
Home Products Customer Forum Contact
Sandoval offers a wide range of sizes to maximize your comfort! Click a product below for
further details.
Memory foam mattresses:
Twin (90 x 190cm): £1,499
Double (135 x 190cm); £1,699
Questions 196-200 refer to the following information, customer review, and response.
http://www.sandoval.net/products
Sandoval Memory Foam Mattresses
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 3 91
(C) A Contour pillow
(D) A sleeping mask
paragraph 1, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) sites
(B) features
(C) objectives
(D) opinions
198. What will be sent to Mr. Choi?
(A) A mattress cover
(B) A standard pillow
aille
(A) It is machine washable.
(B) It is removable.
(C) It replaces sheets.
(D) It absorbs moisture.
196. What does Mr. Choi like most about the
mattress he bought?
(A) Its lightweight design
(B) Its soft surface
(C) Its consistent temperature
(D) Its product warranty
197. In the customer review, the word "points" in
199. What does Ms. Veloz ask Mr. Choi to do?
(A) Confirm an address
(B) Apply for a refund
(C) Select a size
(D) Delete a comment
200. What is NOT indicated about the mattress
cover?
Please send a message to claraSCST@sandoval.net to let me know whether the address
listed in your customer account file is still accurate.
As for the mattress cover, we highly recommend getting one to protect your purchase. It
can be washed in a regular washing machine, so there is very little upkeep. It will help to
keep your mattress looking like new for many years.
Thank you for being a Sandoval customer!
Test 3
http://www.sandoval.net/customerforum
Posted July 5 by Clara Veloz [Sandoval Customer Service Team]
Mr. Choi, thank you for sharing your feedback! We're sorry that you are displeased with
one of our products. We'd like to send you our newly released item by way of apology.
TEST 4
94
(D) by
104. ------- message was left for the vice president
while he was away.
108. A delicate----between strength and
generosity results in good negotiations.
(A) balance
(A) All
(B) Most
(C) Another
(D) Several
(B) balances
(C) balanced
(D) to balance
(C) Either
(D) Yet
103. The coupon can be used for any
merchandise at Crestview Housewares-------
custom-made items.
(A) upon
(B) except
(C) next
(C) take
(D) travel
107. The board members will----- decide how to
spend the surplus funds.
(A) privatize
(B) privately
(C) private
(D) privacy
(B) her
(C) hers
(A) Ihto
(B) down
(C) on
(D) herself (D) out
102. -------mail the contract to us or send a
scanned copy by next Tuesday at the latest.
106. You should--- a taxi from Woodley Airport
to the hotel when you arrive.
(A) Neither (A) go
(B) As (B) tour
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Ms. Willis opened a small bakery with ------
own savings last year.
(A) sho
105. Northland Rail sells hot drinks and
sandwiches-------most of its trains.
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 95
114. To ensure the correct payment, employees'
work hours must be tracked-----.
(A) still
(B) accurately
(C) rather
(D) probably
120. Direct debit-------will show up on your online
account statement almost instantaneously.
(A) charges
(B) processes
(C) findings
(D) reactions
(D) they
113. Customers are---- to retain their receipts
for the life of the warranty.
(A) advise
(B) advises
(C) advising
(D) advised
119. As soon as the city raises enough money for
the project, the library will------extensive
renovations.
(A) commit
(B) establish
(C) accompany
(D) undergo
112. Boston officials have advised commuters
------- routes take them past the stadium to
expect delays today caused by the baseball
game.
(A) their
(B) when
(C) whose
118.
(D) critical
Allconfidential information is kept in----
stored files in the headquarters building.
(A) securing
(B) security
(C) secure
(D) securely
Test
4
(C) contact
(D) effect
111. There is a-- difference in the quality of
coffee between the two brands.
(A) notice
(B) noticeable
(C) noticeably
(D) noticing
(C) grateful
(D) frequent
117. The latest film from director Alan Coronado
received high ratings from------- in the film
industry.
(A) criticisms
(B) criticism
(C) critics
110.
(B) timely
(C) much
(D) highly
According to the weather report, the severe
storm warning will stay in- until midnight.
(A) matter
(B) result
(B) withdrawing
(C) withdrawal
(D) withdrawn
116. The table is made from a ------- material so it
can withstand heavy items being placed on it.
(A) mandatory
(B) durable
109. Construction of the new Dalton Insurance
headquarters will-----be completed by the
crew.
(A) soon
115. Patrons of Rutland Bank may---- up to
$1,000 from this machine without paying a
fee.
(A) withdraw
96
125. ------- the food at Garden Bistro is delicious,
its small portion sizes do not justify the high
prices.
(A) In spite of
(B) While
(C) In order that
(D) Otherwise
130.
(D) rather
All funds raised by the charity go toward the
-------goal of supplying clean water to
developing countries.
(A) admirable
(B) admiring
(C) admiration
(D) admirably
124.
(D) significance
------- of the National Poetry Award will have
their work featured in the monthly magazine
Last Word.
(A) Receiving
(B) Receipts
(C) Recipients
(D) Receive
(C) Moreover
(D) In case
129. Ms. Parker brought a gift for the CEO on his
birthday but other employees did not think to
do-------
(A) always
(B) likewise
(C) still
(C) surpass
(D) misplace
123. Many patients in the drug trial reported that
taking the medicine gave them ------ relief
from pain.
(A) signified
(B) signifying
(C) significant
128.
(C) compensatory
(D) compensation
-------the confidential nature of the
experiments being performed there, it is no
surprise that Blackwell Labs has tight
security.
(A) Given
(B) By means of
(B) notwithstanding
(C) by means of
(D) other than
122. Merrimack Media executives are hesitant to
--- the partnership because it has been so
profitable.
(A) terminate
(B) arrange
(B) rigorous
(C) vague
(D) successive
127. In an effort to attract the most talented
chemists in the field, generous -is
offered to Goldex Pharmaceuticals' staff.
(A) compensate
(B) compensated
121. Updated contracts will be available in the
shared folders on Tuesday, ------- a schedule
for the software seminar.
(A) along with
126. Phelps Automotive has gained a reputation
for reliability because it follows ---
standards for road safety testing.
(A) persuasive
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 97
(C) Always use bottled or filtered water.
(D) You can select from two to ten cups.
132. (A) continuous
(B) continuously
(C) continual
(D) continue
134. (A) next
(B) upon
(C) beside
(D) within
button will blink--- until the water is heated to the correct temperature. Remove the basket and 132.
add two scoops of coffee. Then the basket. The brewing process will begin a few 133. 134.
seconds. If this does not happen, check that the basket is clicked into place all the way.
131. (A) Be careful not to get the power cord wet. 133. (A) replace
(B) Place the device a few inches from the
wall.
(B) carry
(C) assign
Questions 131-134 refer to the following instructions.
Follow these easy instructions to brew the perfect cup of coffee with the Knapp Co. coffee maker.
Fill the water reservoir to the desired level, as indicated by the number of cups along the side.
This willhelp you to avoid impurities, and it will also improve the taste of the coffee. The green
131.
Test 4
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
98
(C) occupants
(D) behaviors
(B) Nevertheless, tourism is growing in the
region steadily.
(C) In fact, one of the local businesses might
donate them.
(D) Either way, it results in an unfair burden on
residents.
135. (A) has attracted
136.
(B) attracting
(C) to attract
(D) is being attracted
(A) attempts
(B) suggestions
137. (A) what
(B) that
(C) which
(D) this
138. (A) For example, broken glass bottles are
washing up on shore.
ese
136. वा king the area unpleasant for everyone. I have enclosed a list of ways to resolve
these problems, one of is simply adding more trash cans. This would not cost the city much at 137.
all. -.I hope you will consider my ideas. 138.
Sincerely,
Libby Geiger
A Concerned Twillingate Resident
Twillingate, NL AOG 4MO
Dear Mayor Webb,
I would like to bring an important matter to your attention. The town's recent tourism campaign
many people to our town and its beautiful coastal scenery. However, visitors to the seaside are
throwing litter on the ground, building unauthorized campfires, and not cleaning up after their dogs.
135.
Thod
Questions 135-138 refer to the following letter.
Mayor Rick Webb
City Hall Suite #302
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 99
Enterprises are the finestin quality.
140. (A) Moreover, he oversaw the opening of three
essential branches overseas.
(B) I hope Mr. Langford enjoys working for you
when he takes on the new position.
(C) Several people in Mr. Langford's
department are being considered for
promotion.
(D) Similarly, the products developed by Rios
142. (A) Unless
(B) Due to
(C) Even if
(D) Since
Sincerely,
Diane Emery
139. (A) has worked
(B) had been working
(C) had worked
(D) will haye worked
141. (A) our
(B) their
(C) his
(D) your
st 4
On behalf of Rios Enterprises, I would like to invite you to attend a retirement banquet for Gavin
Langford on May 17 at the Houston Convention Center. By the time Mr. Langford retires next month,
hefor the company for twenty-five years. During this time, he used sophisticated marketing 139.
techniques to build the customer base.. It is clear that withouthard work and dedication, 140. 141.
we would not be in the position we are today. We hope you will be able to attend this event. 142.
the small venue size, please bring a maximum of two guests only.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following letter.
April 19
Dear Ms. Sage,
100
(B) renovated
(C) to renovate
(D) will renovate
(D) Accordingly, some tenants will be signing
new lease agreements.
146. (A) separately
(B) previously
(C) urgently
(D) predictably
143. (A) operations
(B) improvements
(C) participants
(D) transactions
144. (A) had renovated
145. (A) We appreciate the feedback you provided
to us on this matter.
(B) The lounge is commonly used for group
gatherings and meetings.
(C) While it's underway, tenants will not be
allowed access to the room.
tenants. We the community lounge by replacing the carpet and painting the walls. This project 144.
is scheduled for May 20-25. Another project planned for the summer is the repainting of the 145.
pool. The work has not been scheduled yet, as it is being done-by a different company. Thank 146.
you for your patience.
Sincerely,
Kevin Pulliam
From: Kevin Pulliam <k_pulliam@murphysuites.net>
Date: May 18
Subject: Renovations
Dear Tenants,
Murphy Suites will undergo much-needed renovations this summer to make your living space more
comfortable and enjoyable. We have selected several tasks from a list of--requested by 143.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Murphy Suites Tenants <alltenants@murphysuites.net>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 101
business. (C) To request a brochure
(D) It caters solely to business owners. (D) To inquire about rates
We can customize our service package to fit your needs. E-mail David
Robinson at david.r@enterpriseinc.net to request an estimate of fees.
147. What is indicated about Enterprise, Inc.?
(A) It is seeking to hire a new accountant.
(B) It can help to settle past tax problems.
(C) It has recently been set up as a new
148. According to the advertisement, why should
people contact Mr. Robinson?
(A) To get a list of services
(B) To book an appointment
4
Our experienced and certified accountants can assist you with the
following:
• Tax preparation for individuals or small businesses
Payroll and bookkeeping services
Resolving issues from previous tax years
Setting up a new business
Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.
Taxes giving you a headache?
Enterprise, Inc. can help!
Test
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
102
report.
(D) He is having troubling accessing his
e-mail account.
149. At 2:46 P.M., what does Mr. Santos most
likely mean when he writes, "That's strange"?
(A) He does not know why an update was
needed.
(B) He thought a message should have
arrived.
(C) He was confused by the contents of a
150. What will Ms. Tai most likely do next?
(A) Go to a meeting
(B) Review a report
(C) Print a document
(D) Send an e-mail
Zhen Tai 2:50 P.M.
Not until after 4. l'm just on my way to a meeting with Ms. Styles.
Luis Santos 2:52 P.M.
All right. I'llleave a printed copy on your desk.
Zhen Tai 2:53 P.M.
OK. I'll look it over as soon as I get back.
Luis Santos 2:46 P.M.
That's strange. I sent it a few hours ago.
Zhen Tai 2:48 P.M.
I don't know what happened. I've received several e-mails from other
people just fine.
Luis Santos
When would you have time to review it?
2:49 P.M.
What did you think of the updated budget report for April that I
e-mailed? Does everything look correct?
Zhen Tai
I didn't receive anything like that from you. Let me check my junk mail
folder.
Zhen Tai
There's nothing there.
2:41 P.M.
2:45 P.M.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Luis Santos 2:39 P.M.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 103
(B) To summarize a repair task (B) E-mailed Ms. Sinclair
(C) To request a price estimate (C) Installed a new heater
(D) To schedule an apartment tour (D) Stopped a water leak
Signature: Quinn Warner
151. Why was the form written?
(A) To report a late shipment
152. What has Mr. Warner done?
(A) Placed an order
Date of Request: October 23
Request Made by: Ruby Sinclair
Maintenance Worker: Quinn Warner
Description: Hot water in bathroom not working
Status: The upper heating element on the hot water heater is faulty. I have
ordered a new one. Installation is scheduled for Octoker 25.
Test 4
Questions 151-152 refer to the following form.
Jackson Building, Apt #422
1052 Farburn Terrace, STAPLEFORD, NG9 4SA
104
153. What is indicated about Crossett Tower?
(A) It is located opposite a train station.
(B) Its apartments come in different sizes.
(C) It has an on-site fitness facility.
(D) It is a five-story building.
154. What should applicants send to Edington
Realty?
(A) A letter of reference
(B) A housing deposit
(C) A desired rent price
(D) A lease agreement
The apartment may be rented on a one- or two-year lease, with further renewal possible.
Interested parties should complete an application form, downloadable from the Edington
Realty Web site, and submit it along with a character reference letter from a current or
previous landlord.
Edington Realty is pleased to offer a spacious three-bedroom apartment in Crossett
Tower. The apartment is located on the fifth floor and comes with modern appliances, air
conditioning, and a video intercom system. Crossett Tower is located in the popular suburb
of Bingham Heights, just a few blocks from Amarillo Station. The building features
underground parking, a rooftop garden, and a ground-floor gym for tenants.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following notice.
Anartment for Rent
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 105
(D) The Brandon Brothers
(B) The Brandon Brothers is not shown daily.
(C) Some of the films start at the same time.
(D) Children are not allowed to see Chicago
Chase.
156. Which film is not shown at night?
(A) The Quiet Calling
(B) Chicago Chase
(C) Alien Adventure
the show.
(B) They must be reserved ahead of time.
(C) They are different prices for different
ages.
(D) They require a manager's approval for a
full refund.
Our box office opens on weekdays at 6:00 P.M. and weekends at 1:30 P.M. Tickets
may be purchased for shows up to one week in advance.We accept exchanges
on tickets up to the day prior to the show. We do not offer refunds on tickets.
155. What is implied in the schedule?
(A) Two of the films share the same genre
157. What is indicated about tickets?
(A) They cannot be exchanged on the day of
Title Genre Matinée
(Sat. & Sun. Only)
Evening Show
(Daily)
Night
(Daily)
The Quiet Calling* Thriller 7:20 9:35
Chicago Chase* Action 3:15 7:05 9:20
Alien Adventure Family 3:30 7:10
The Brandon Brothers Comedy 3:20 9:15
*Patrons under 13 will not be permitted.
Test 4
Questions 155-157 refer to the following schedule.
Meadowview Cinema
Weekly Schedule: Friday, April 14-Thursday, April 20
106
)C) 10 scneddle a salety inspectiou
(D) To announce a training session
"The inspector will check that all regulations
are being followed correctly by employees."
159. What is Mr. Cantrell unsure about? (A) [1]
(A) How long a process will take (B) [2]
(C) [3] (B) Whom to contact with questions
(C) Where to get some goods delivered (D) [4]
(D) Who will give a presentation
Facilities Manager, Hilltop Manufacturing
158. Why did Mr. Cantrell send the e-mail?
(A) To inquire about a safety rating
(B) To assign some tasks to an employee
(C) To ad
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
hats, gloves, and safety goggles. You should also issue new items to those who
have damaged or outdated gear.
-[2]- We will have to shut down some of the machinery for inspection, but
I don't know how long that will take.-[3]. As a result, please assign
overtime shifts as necessary to catch up. -[4] -.
Thanks,
Dale Cantrell
ก
From. Dale Cantrell <cantrelld@hilltopmfg.com>
Date: November 17
Subject: Health and Safety
Dear Ms. Shelburne,
I have just been notified that our facility will be inspected by the Department
of Health and Safety this Friday, November 20, starting at 9 A.M. - [1] -. Therefore, make sure that all staff members are wearing their required hard
Questions 158-160 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail Message
To: Mary Shelburne <shelburnm@hilltopmfg.com> ה
Rivera.
(D) He has already drawn up a schedule of
work shifts.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 107
(C) It is by the main entrance.
(D) It was moved at the last minute.
162. At 8:20 A.M., what does Mr. Kapoor most
likely mean when he writes, "It's covered"?
(A) He thinks the booth is protected from bad
weather.
(B) He has already paid the exhibitor fee.
nood pecietonco from Mr
(C) He owns Napoli Restaurant.
(D) He will demonstrate decorating
techniques.
164. What is Mr. Rivera asked to do?
(A) Move a truck
(B) Buy some beverages
(C) Unload some boxes
(D) Pick un some brochures
Send
161. What is suggested about the writers' booth?
(A) It is far from the Ritter Avenue lot.
(B) It is behind the park office.
163. What can be inferred about Mr. Duca?
(A) He participated in the festival last year.
(B) He used to be the writers' coworker.
make a variety of sauces.
Kapoor, Amit [8:27 A.M.]:
Let's work in shifts so we have time to browse the rest of the
festival.
Wolfe, Elaine [8:29 A.M.]:
Good idea. Fred, on your way back, can you pick up some bottled
water for us if you see any for sale?
Rivera, Fred [8:30 A.M.]:
No problem.
bo you neeu пiр
passes at the park office now, but I'll be back at the booth after that.
Kapoor, Amit [8:20 A.M.]:
It's covered. I brought Dave with me to help carry things.
Rivera, Fred [8:22 A.M.]:
OK, great. It looks like perfect weather for the festival. And I'm really
looking forward to seeing the demonstration by Napoli Restaurant.
Wolfe, Elaine [8:23 A.M.]:
Right. I heard that the founder, Angelo Duca, will be showing how to
Test 4
Kapoor, Amit [8:14 A.M.]:
I'm here at Evergreen Park, in the Ritter Avenue lot. Where can
unload the truck?
Wolfe, Elaine [8:16 A.M.]:
Our booth for the festival is on the opposite side of the park. You're
better off driving over to the Union Street lot. We're behind the main
stage.
Rivera, Fred [8:19 A.M.]:
Do vou noed help uploading anything? I'm picking un our exhibitor
Questions 161-164 refer to the following text-message chain.
108
(C) Printable patterns
(D) Interviews with professionals
166.
(A) Four
(B) Six
(C) Twelve
(D) Fifty-two
What is NOT mentioned as items found in
Unique Home Interiors?
(A) Exclusive discount offers
(B) Color trend information
time.
(B) A sample edition can be accessed for a
limited time.
(C) Renewed subscriptions are cheaper than
new ones.
(D) New subscribers are eligible for a
complimentary gift.
Our best offer! Print and digital version for £16.95 [SELECT]
*Available for download until the end of this month. A valid e-mail address is required.
165. How many editions of Unique Home Interiors
are published each year?
167. What is true according to the Web page?
(A) Subscriptions can be canceled at any
арguig yon
space on a budget. Each issue comes with templates for wall painting that you can
download and print for a great DIY look. The magazine also features subscriber-only
bargains on furniture, paint, home accessories, and more.
Get your one-year subscription today!
Sample digital version for free!* [SELECT]
Print version only for £14.95 [SELECT]
Digital version only for £9.95 ISELECП
"Unique Home Interiors makes remodeling fun and easy!"
-Pam Morgan, Professional Designer
Unique Home Interiors is the nation's most popular quarterly magazine on interior
design. Our contributors are experts in the industry, and each issue is packed with
useful information and creative design ideas you won't find anywhere else. You can
find out about the hottest colors for moderns looks as well as tins for upgrading your
Questions 165-167 refer to the following Web page.
http://www.uniquehomeinteriors.co.uk
Unique Home Interiors
(C) He Will oversee a procedure for tne
group.
(D) He failed to submit some paperwork.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 109
(C) To publicize the winner of an election
(D) To request mailing addresses for
invitations
169. What can be inferred about Mr. Yao?
(A) He used to be a member of the EFS.
(B) He was originally scheduled to give a
talk.
(D) Order a meal in advance
171. Why should the recipients e-mail Mr. Keeler?
(A) To request a parking pass
(B) To book a hotel room
(C) To ask for driving directions
(D) To pay a membership fee
Anita Foster
168. Why did Ms. Foster send the e-mail?
(A) To confirm a registration list for a
workshop
(B) To announce changes to an event plan
170. What are the recipients asked to do?
(A) Pay a registration fee in cash
(B) Make their own lunch arrangements
(C) Ride to a site together
one of the restaurants in the neighborhood.
For those who plan on driving to the site, please contact Rickey Keeler at
keeler.r@efsociety.org to get a pass for the Palmer Hotel lot.
I'm looking forward to seeing you all there!
Warmest regards,
Test 4
Conference is at its highest in the group's history. Because of the large
numbers, we will now be holding the event at Palmer Hotel, rather than
Ellis Hall, as indicated on the invitations.
The conference will still run from 9 A.M. to 5 P.M. on May 28. We welcome
Amber Coburn as the keynote speaker, who is filling in for Anthony Yao.
Please note that there will be a break from noon to 1 P.M., but nothing will
be served on-site. So, you should bring a sack lunch or cash to spend at
To:
From:
Undisclosed Recipients
Anita Foster <foster.a@efsociety.org>
Date: May 7
Subject: Environmental Friends Society
On behalf of the elected officers of the Environmental Friends Society
(EFS) I am pleased to inform you that registration for our Annual Eco
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message
110
for washing delicate items by hand.
We are now open 24 hours a day for your convenience, and our waiting areas have a
television, a vending machine, and free magazines to read.
We have five locations throughout the city. - [4]-. We hope to see you soon at
Super Spin Laundromat!
irry, leave tne lterns witn us ror our rull-service wash, which includes
washing, drying, and folding the clothes. - [2]-. The clothes can be delivered to
your home or office for a small additional fee.
If you'd like a more economical option, there are machines on site so you can do
your laundry yourself. We also sell a wide variety of detergents, fabric softeners, and
dryer sheets. Do you have an article of clothing that needs extra attention?-[3]-
Our staff is available to give you advice on getting rid of stains We also haye sinks
Clean clothes are our passion!
Super Spin Laundromat is the best place to get your laundry done. Our washers and
dryers use state-of-the-art technology to clean and dry your clothes in a way that
helps them to avoid wear and tear and makes them last up to three times longer than
those laundered in traditional machines. - [1] -.
If uou'no in
Questions 172-175 refer to the following advertisement.
Super Spin Laundromat
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 111
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(D) Stain removal tips list."
Test 4
(C) They are gentle on clothes.
(D) They have longer cleaning cycles.
173. What can customers get from Super Spin
Laundromat's employees?
(A) A discount coupon
(B) Handwashing techniques
(C) A delivery schedule
(C) Started a dry cleaning service
(D) Opened a new location
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"To find the one nearest to you, visit our Web
site at www.sspin.com and view the complete
172. What is suggested about the appliances at
Super Spin Laundromat?
(A) They are easy to use.
(B) They can be operated with coins.
174. What has Super Spin Laundromat recently
done?
(A) Extended its business hours
(B) Added more machines
112
Item: D730 Quantity: 1
Total Number of Items: 1
Click NEXT to select a shipping type and to confirm the purchase.
NEXT
Name: Walter Mertz
Shipping Address: 1708 Charter Street, Cambridge, MA 02141
E-mail Address: waltermertz@valleyinc1.com
Credit Card: Turbo Card XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-3095
Crawford Club Member: [X] Yes [] No
Crawford Club members can get complimentary express shipping. Otherwise, we
charge $12 for standard shipping or $25 for express shipping. Take our customer
survey for a chance to win a $50 Crawford gift certificate.
http://www.crawfordmerchandise.com
Country of origin: China. Colors: Forest Green [Item D856] or Gray [Item D730].
$285.99 NOW $199.99
Land-Trek adult sleeping bag. Machine washable. Polyester filling surrounded by
breathable polyester fabric. Country of origin: Vietnam. Colors: Navy Blue [Item
E179], Burgundy [Item E288], or Black [Item E586]. $119.99 NOW $69.95
Mountex 60-liter nylon backpack with padded shoulder straps. Lightweight
frame. Internal pockets. Country of origin: India. Color: Forest Green [Item T395]
or Navy Blue [Item 244]. $209.99 NOW $149.99
For the past two decades, Crawford has made it our business to provide our customers
with top-quality goods at reasonable prices. All of our products come with a five-year
warranty.
Anniversary Sale Special Offers:
Southpeak four-person nylon tent with lightweight fiberglass poles. Waterproof
and UV-resistant cover. Tent can withstand winds of up to 30 miles per hour.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following advertisement and form.
Crawford
Get ready for your next camping trin with great deals in our anniversary salel
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 113
178. What is NOT indicated about the products?
(A) What they are made from
(B) How long they are under warranty
(C) What their dimensions are
(D) Where they were made
Test 4
(C) Nature lovers
(D) Business owners
177. According to the advertisement, what is true
about Crawford?
(A) It is under new ownership.
(B) It holds discount events regularly.
(C) It opened twenty years ago.
(D) It has recently relocated
(C) Gray
(D) Navy Blue
180. What is Mr. Mertz eligible to receive?
(A) Free delivery
(B) Sample items
(C) A gift certificate
(D) A product catalog
176. Who would be most interested in Crawford's
products?
(A) Gardening enthusiasts
(B) Amateur athletes
179. What color is the item that Mr. Mertz
ordered?
(A) Burgundy
(B) Forest Green
114
contmue to sizes ang
Size: Large
Color: Forest Green
Image: hendrix.jpg
Image Position: Center, below text
Size: Small
Color: Navy Blue
Image: X
Image Position: X
Special Instructions: In order to show participants what they will receive, I would like a
photograph of one of the finished items at least one week before delivery, if possible.
Continu t
Item Number: 238
Please complete all applicable fields. Write an X in fields that are not needed.
FRONT BACK
Line 1: Hendrix Children's Hospital
Size: Small
Color: Navy Blue
Line 2: 5th Anpual Charity Fun Run
Line 1: Every penny counts!
Size: Medium
Color: Forest Green
Line 2: June 30 Abrams Park
You will be required to pay a 25% deposit at the time of placing the order. The
remainder of the full amount is due at the time of pick-up.
Customer Name: Eva Ferguson
Order Date: May 25
Contact Number: 623-555-0127
Expected Delivery Date: June 18
highly recommend in-person visits for complicated orders.
We offer the following options for basic white T-shirts (Item #238). Please see our
Pricing page for a complete list of merchandise.
이 One-color printing, front only: $9.50
Two-color printing, front only: $10.00
One-color printing, front and back: $11.50
Two-color printing, front and back: $12.00
Get exactly what you want. No job is too big or too small!
Custom Solutions is the area's leading provider of made-to-order apparel. We print
your text and/or company logo to help you promote your business, create a unique gift,
prepare uniforms for a sports team, and more. Place an order online, call us at 623-
555-0192 or stop by the store in person at 226 Willow Drive, St. Cloud, MN 56303. We
Questions 181-185 refer to the following Web page and form,
http://www.customsol.com
Custom Solutions
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 115
(A) A fund-raising event
(B) An employee retreat
(C) A sports training camp
(D) A grand opening
182. What is indicated about ordering merchandise?
(A) It should be for a minimum number of
items.
(B) It requires full payment up front.
(C) It must be a certain number of days in
advance.
(D) It can be done in several different ways.
183. What will Ms. Ferguson most likely use the
items for?
185. What special request does Ms. Ferguson
make?
(A) Combining multiple images
(B) Receiving a photo in advance
(C) Using express delivery
(D) Getting a list of participants
Test
181. What does Custom Solutions specialize in?
(A) Building custom furniture
184. How much will Ms. Ferguson most likely pay
per item?
(B) Creating printed brochures (A) $9.50
(C) Printing on clothing (B) $10.00
(D) Designing company logos (C) $11.50
(D) $12.00
116
will be accompanied by the president of Hurst Consulting, Adam Hurst, who is equally
excited. Two other representatives from our company will attend the project launch event.
Funding a portion of the preservation efforts at the cathedral is important to us here at Hurst
Consulting, and we are pleased to be able to help in this way.
Sincerely,
Michelle Arnold
From:
Date:
Subject:
Dear Mr. Ramsey,
Michelle Arnold <m.arnold@hurstconsulting.com>
May 29
Midland Cathedral
I received your e-mail confirming my scheduled tour of Midland Cathedral for 10:30 a.m.
on June 7. I am truly looking forward to visiting the rarely seen areas of the cathedral, and I
To:
Please consider donating to this worthy cause.
Sincerely,
Scott Ramsey
Scott Ramsey
Scott Ramsey <ramseys@fmcs.org>
Canopy 1ier: $250/ Gallery Tier benefit + Cet your company's name printed in
our weekly choir program.
Pinnacle Tier: $500/ Canopy Tier benefits + Receive VIP seating for two people
at the June 8 project launch event.
Tower Tier: $1,000/ Pinnacle Tier benefits + Experience Midland Cathedral like
never before with a private tour, including access to the bell tower. This twoperson tour can be booked for June 6 (led by Marcus Silva) or June 7 (led by
Amanda Larkin).
The Friends of Midland Cathedral Society (FMCS) needs your help! We are
conducting a large-scale campaign to raise funds for much-needed repairs at
Midland Cathedral. This 17th-century structure is a landmark in our city, and
people come from all over the world to see its beauty and enjoy events such as its
weekly choir concert held every Friday from 4 to 5 P.M. In addition to helping the
community, you'll also receive great benefits.
Gallery Tier: $100/ Get your company's name listed on our Web site as a
contributor.
11
Questions 186-190 refer to the following letter, e-mail, and advertisement.
Dear valued community member,
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 117
(D) manner
(C) direction
(D) characteristic
(A) $100
(B) $250
(C) $500
(D) $1,000
188. In the e-mail, the word "way" in paragraph 1,
line 6, is closest in meaning to
(A) example
IDY
(B) At 2:30 Р.м.
(C) At 3:00 Р.м.
(D) At 3:30 Р.м.
(A) To announce a building expansion
(B) To recruit financial supporters
(C) To increase an organization's
membership
(D) To explain a fundraiser's success
187. How much did Hurst Consulting give to
FMCS?
Midland Cathedral?
(A) Kent Burien
(B) Amanda Larkin
(C) Scott Ramsey
(D) Marcus Silva
190. When will the choir concert start on June 9?
(A) At 2:00 Р.м.
into place.
Please note that the weekly choir concert will be held two hours earlier
than usual on this day.
186. What is the purpose of the letter? 189. Who will Ms. Arnold and Mr. Hurst meet at
Test 4
edral Renovation Project La
Friday, June 9, at 3:30 P.М.
The Friends of Midland Cathedral Society (FMCS) is hosting a special
event to commemorate the beginning of the three-year renovation
project at Midland Cathedral. The event will include speeches from the
cathedral's head priest, the FMCS president, and the foreman of the
project. In addition, mayor Kent Burien will put the first new roof tile
118
Gloria Young
Accounting Director, Pinson Consulting
Dear Mr. McCormick,
I am in charge of planning team-building activities for my department at Pinson
Consulting, and I'm wondering if it is possible to arrange a cooking class at your
institute, just for our group. Doing unique activities like this helps employees to
perform better as a team. We are available any afternoon between May 1-5, and we
have no preference for the topic. If this is possible, please let me know how much it
would cost per person for a group of 20, how I should pay the fee, and how long the
class will last
To:
From:
E-Mail Message
Christopher McCormick <c.mccormick@stratfordci.com<
Gloria Young <younggloria@pinsonconsulting.net>
Date: April 5
Subject: From Pinson Consulting
below or click classes to view a complete list.
Class/Time Slot/ Instructor
Italian Cooking / Mondays & Wednesdays @ 7 P.M. / Laverne Trenton
Basic Cake Decoration / Tuesdays @ 8 P.M. & Saturdays @2 P.M. / Dawn Spencer
Party Appetizers / Thursdays @ 7 P.M. / Sharon Grant
Mastering Seafood / Wednesdays & Fridays @ 8 P.M. / Jennifer Alvarado
Stratford Cooking Institute
Stratford Cooking Institute offers a wide variety of classes available at our convenient
downtown location, and our instructors can teach you everything from making daily
meals to preparing decadent desserts for special occasions. Some of our former
students have even gone on to start their own restaurants. We offer classes on evening
weekdays and throughout the day on Saturdays Check out our most ponular clasees
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web page and e-mails.
(http://www.stratfordci.com
Home CLASSES PHOTO GALLERY CONTAСТ
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 4 119
(C) To have an event catered
(D) To promote a consulting service
193. In the first e-mail, the word "perform" in
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) observe
(B) achieve
(C) entertain
(D) function
(B) Dawn Spencer
(C) Sharon Grant
(D) Jennifer Alvarado
Institute?
(A) It is the most popular institute of its kind.
(B) It provides cooking classes daily.
(C) It was founded by a restaurant owner.
(D) It is located in the city center.
192. What is the purpose of Ms. Young's e-mail?
(A) To set up a private class
(B) To request a group discount
that was NOT requested by Ms. Young?
(A) The duration of the class
(B) The cost per person
(C) The payment method
(D) The entrance to use
195. Who most likely will teach a daytime class on
May 3?
(A) Lavern Trenton
Simply call me at 555-0160 when you arrive.
Sincerely,
Christopher McCormick
Admissions Director, Stratford Cooking Institute
191. What is true about the Stratford Cooking 194. What information does Mr. McCormick qive
4
Dear Ms. Young,
Thank you for your interest in our institute. I am pleased to say that we can
accommodate your request. The instructor for our cake decorating class is
available for a two-hour class on Wednesday, May 3, from 2 to 4. The charge will
be $16 per person, which can be paid by credit card on our Web site. The fee
includes all ingredients and materials, and each person will get to take home the
finished result of their work. Since our institute is usually not open during the day,
you will not be able to use the main entrance, which will be locked. Instead, I will
be on site to let you in the side door while the instructor prepares the classroom.
Test
To:
From:
E-Mail Message
Gloria Young <younggloria@pinsonconsulting.net>
Christopher McCormick <c.mccormick@stratfordci.com>
Date: April 6
Subject: RE: From Pinson Consulting
120
conservation in the past, but despite these measures, we still hold steady at 21%,
which is well above the industry average. By working together, I hope we can
reduce this figure.
Sincerely,
Mitchell Thorpe
Dear Ms. Lyon,
I have reviewed the training proposals presented by the various shift managers, and
I believe that your training would be the most suitable for the company needs. The
handouts you prepared highlight the goals clearly, and they will help employees to
see exactly what needs to be done. We've tried other initiatives for energy
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
*E-mail*
Debra Lyon <d.lyon@sternbergmfg.com>
Mitchell Thorpe <m.thorpe@sternbergmfg.com>
September 20
Upcoming training
energy that could be either used on site or sold back to the grid. Second,
the packaging equipment should be replaced with energy-efficient
machines designed by Forsyth, Inc. Third, skylights should be installed by
Verne Enterprises to provide free natural light. Fourth, the exterior walls
should be insulated by Webster Construction to reduce heat loss.
Employees should also undergo training to learn about ways they can
contribute to a reduction in energy usage.
An energy efficiency audit was carried out by the MES team at the
Sternberg Manufacturing site in Bedford. This site was chosen among
Sternberg's thirteen facilities throughout the country because it was the
first factory building for Sternberg Manufacturing, so it has the most
opportunities for improvement.
Four areas of improvement were identified. First, solar panels from Perales
Co. should be added to sections of the roofton to generate sustainable
Questions 196-200 refer to the following report, e-mail, and article.
Energy Efficiency Audit Overview: Sternberg Manufacturing
Conducted by Mistral Energy Services (MES), September 4
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 4 121
(C) Putting in skyiynts
(D) Adding wall insulation
198. What is indicated about Ms. Lyon's training
materials?
(A) They were the only ones submitted.
(B) They should be shortened.
(C) They are easy to understand.
(D) They have a lot of technical information.
(C) He is the head of human resources.
(D) He plans to visit the company's other
sites.
(A) It received a high inspection score.
(B) It is the company's oldest facility.
(C) It is close to the MES headquarters.
(D) It is the company's largest building.
197. Which project will be carried in November?
(A) Installing solar panels
(B) Replacing packaging equipment
olodiahto
(A) arrange
(B) grasp
(C) remain
(D) occupу
200. What can be inferred about Mr. Thorpe?
(A) He willsend Ms. Lyon some guidelines.
(B) He recommended Mistral Energy
Services
allows. In addition, the human resources director has chosen Debra
Lyon to carry out employee training regarding conservation techniques.
A schedule for the training has not been set yet.
196. Why was the Bedford location selected for
the audit?
199. In the e-mail, the word "hold" in paragraph 1,
line 5, is closest in meaning to
Test 4
New Energy Conservation En Underway
Sternberg Manufacturing is seeking to reduce its energy usage both to
cut overhead expenses and to reduce the company's environmental
impact. Based on recommendations made by Mistral Energy Services
last month, the company will undergo four major improvement projects.
The first among them is scheduled to be carried out by Webster
Construction in November. The others will follow next year, as funding
Sternberg Manufacturing Monthly Newsletter
October Edition
TEST5
124
(D) соорerative
104. We will have to deal with the merchandise
shipping problems as the ------- arises.
(A) situated
(B) situational
(C) situation
(D) situate
(C) theirs
(D) his
108. Our------ efforts have optimized production
and have made a noticeable difference in the
number of overseas orders.
(A) cooperatively
(B) cooperate
(C) cooperator
103. Please be sure to respond ------to customer
inquiries and complaints, and address their
needs in a professional manner.
(B) spite of
(C) regarding
(D) whereas
107.
(A) rarely
(B) namely
(C) promptly
(D) heavily
Before opening-------- doors to the public,
Orange Sun Café held a soft opening for
friends and family.
(A) its
(B) hers
102.
(C) ask
(D) were asked
Orders placed 5:00 P.м. will be
processed the next business day.
(A) to
(B) after
(C) between
(n)in
(A) ecide
(B) conclude
(C) establish
(D) appoint
106. The survey showed that managers would
choose to open stores earlier in the morning
----- close them later at night.
(A) rather than
answer сnoices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. If managers ------- employees to work on
weekends, they should pay them overtime.
(A) asking
(B) to ask
105. It has been confirmed that the company will
------- a new CEO who will be responsible for
overseeing day-to-day operations.
() dooidd
Readingtest wilmast7ndtes. mere are tnree parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test book.
PART 5
Directions; A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below Eour on
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading comprehension questions The entire Raading toct will loot 76 minuton TH
(D) progressed
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 125
114.
appry
Because Kenmere Corporation has not made
much------- this year, the company is in no
position to embark upon a new business
venture.
(A) progress
(B) progressing
(C) progressive
120. At the New England campus, international
student---- has increased over the past
few years.
(A) enrollment
(B) enrolls
(C) enroll
(D) enrolled
(D) operated
113. When searching for work, look for companies
that interest you, and do some research
before you ------ for a position.
(A) reply
(B) approve
(C) submit
D) opply
119.
(D) arriving
All of our used vehicles are ------- inspected
for mechanical safety and performance by
expert auto technicians.
(A) costly
(B) strangely
(C) thoroughly
(D) aррroximately
(D) rather than
112. Please inform the staff members that we will
become fully------- once we finish updating
our equipment.
(A) operate
(B) operational
(C) operation
118.
(D) simply
If we leave the office at noon, we------at the
station in plenty of time to catch the train to
Chicago.
(A) would have arrived
(B) arrived
(C) will arrive
(D) disappointment (D) upcoming
111. Consumer spending is on the rise---- the
Internet makes it easy to do comparison
shopping of products and prices.
(A) due to
(B) because
(C) ехсеpt
117. Save 5% on every delivery order from Greg's
Green Grocer---- by registering online and
entering a coupon code.
(A) simplicity
(B) simplify
(C) simpler
Test 5
(C) until
(D) with
110. The best way to handle a -----client is to
apologize and assure them that you will take
prompt action to resolve the issue.
(A) disappoint
(B) disappointed
116.
(C) dramatized
(D) dramatically
The next exhibition will include products that
were not presented at the-event in
Atlanta.
(A) probable
(B) previous
(С) uрavailablo
109. We will wait--the Board of Directors
returns from New York before we schedule
the event.
(A) against
(B) to
115. The number of laws impacting the travel
industry has been increasing-over the
past decade, particularly in relation to safety.
(A) dramatic
(B) dramatize
126
125. Our alfine is pleased to offer a variety oT
amenities designed to ensure passenger
130.
(A) comfort
(B) comforted
(C) comfortably
(D) comfortable
In order to participate in the health plan, you
must print out the form and return the-------
application by mail to our main office.
(A) fulfilled
(B) replaced
(C) completed
(D) closed
124. -------you are not attending the conference,
the manager would still like you to assist your
team with the preparations for your
department's presentation.
(A) Whether
(B) Even if
(C) Before
(D) As soon as
129. The seller, Ms. Thompson, ----- agreed to
accept a lower offer on the house because it
had been on the market for a long period of
time.
(A) fluently
(B) inquisitively
(C) reluctantly
(D) collectively
123. The clients------ with the architect's final
sketches and would like to begin construction
as soon as possible.
(A) were satisfying
(B) satisfied
(C) were satisfied
(D) had satisfied
128. After several unsuccessful---- were made
to deliver the package to the recipient, we
finally had to ship it back to the sender.
(A) receipts
(B) conclusions
(C) times
(D) attempts
(D) encourage
122. Since Ms. Foreman has become head of
marketing, the company has grown at aof 5% in the last quarter.
127.
(A) rate
(B) height
(C) measurement
(D) figure
(D) defectively
Zantmarket.com shoppers can now see their
past purchases--- the new "My History"
section of their accounts.
(A) in
(B) against
(C) surrounding
(D) onto
121. Health benefits, vacation time, and bonus
payments ------employees to work hard and
stay with the company.
(A) encourages
(B) encouraging
(C) are encouraged
126. The free service for two months is a one-time
offer available---to new customers who
switch their current service to Cypress TV.
(A) expensively
(B) dependently
(C) exclusively
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 127
() pronibited
(D) will prohibit
(C) protective
(D) protectively
(B) Many people prefer to use scissors
instead.
132. (A) warranty
(C) After all, paper coating is more ecofriendly.
(B) description (D) Make sure to clean the trimmer after each
use. (C) power
(D) compartment
134. (A) prohibit
(B) is prohibiting
batteries. If you did not, you must insert such batteries into theat the back of the device. 132.
.Use the brush that came with your trimmer to remove hair from the blades. Also, store the 133.
device in a dry place andchildren from playing with it. 134.
131. (A) protector
(B) protections
133. (A) Your request will be processed
immediately.
Test 5
Questions 131-134 refer to the following information.
Thank you for purchasing a Renaust beard trimmer. Before using your new trimmer, remove the
plastic coating that covers the blade. 131.
If you purchased the Renaust Deluxe Toiletries package, your trimmer came pre-loaded with two AA
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
128
A ea
(B) were
(C) was
(D) is
136. (A) This may be cancelled due to weather.
(B) Open the menu to turn on subtitles.
(C) And the summer deals don't stop there!
(D) Auditions for the lead role have ended.
(A) Teleased
(B) fascinated
(C) discounted
(D) multiplied
138. (A) compliment
(B) compliments
(C) complimented
(D) complimentary
125
Come to Estafan's Video Shop to get great discounts during our Summer Blockbuster Sale. From
now until the end of July, all documentaries and classic films --50% off. Also, if you rent two new 135.
releases, you can choose a third for free. 136. Foreign films are individually 137. too. This week,
every customer gets abag of popcorn just for walking in, so hurry and stop by today! 138.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following advertisement.
Summer Blockbuster Sale
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 129
follows.
(D) The San José Marathon will take place on
May 10.
140. (A) impulsively
(B) hardly
(C) preventively
(D) consistently
142. (A) browsing
(B) browsed
(C) browser
(D) browse
• Articles about Vista Rica Tours
139. (A) Welcome to online home of Vista Rica
Tours.
(B) Please indicate your satisfaction with these
factors.
(C) The details of our company retreat are as
141. (A) pollution
(B) activity
(C) compensation
(D) productivity
Test 5
139.
We lead tours that climb volcanoes, enter caves, or fly over the tops of rainforests. Our safety record
is outstanding, and we rank among the top tour agencies in the region, according to industry 140.
publications. We offer packages designed for individuals or groups, and for all ages andlevels. 141.
Keepthis site to see user reviews, package prices and contact information. 142.
List of available tours
Questions 139-142 refer to the following Web page.
-. For over two decades, our agency has offered tourists the best way to explore Costa Rica.
130
board.
our advisory 140.
(B) The HCCOC was founded 82 years ago.
(C) Schnitzels & Such specializes in German
food.
(D) I would be an excellent fit for the position.
(A) HOWever
(B) Additionally
(C) Unless
(D) Originally
Humbont County Chamber of Commerce
143. (A) formal
(B) formally
(C) formalize
(D) formality
144 V) T
145. (A) assisting
(B) decreasing
(C) completing
(D) excluding
To learn more, please visit our headquarters on Lehman Street or our Web site at www.humbontccс.
com.
Best of luck to you and your new enterprise,
Susan Cain
Dear Meinard Fred,
I would like to congratulate you on opening your new restaurant, Schnitzels & Such, and I also
would like to 143. invite you to join the Humbont County Chamber of Commerce (HCСОС). 144.
Since that time, we have been- new businesses in Humbont County. New businesses that join 145.
the HCCOC benefit from community exposure in our monthly newsletter., they receive 146.
invitations to participate in community events.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following letter.
April 22
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 131
(A) The Akins account requires no more
work.
(B) The director will be on a business trip.
(C) Employees will go to a conference.
(D) Some pipes require maintenance.
to do
(A) To contact city employees
(B) To avoid using water
(C) To send her an e-mail
(D) To lock the office doors
The teal leaderS WOIRImg off the Akills accouint can
reports-I need them Wednesday morning before the conference.
Regards,
Sandra Bruna
147. Why will the office close on Tuesday? 148. What does Ms. Bruna ask the team leaders
Test 5
FROM: director@conaccount.com
DATE: January 4
RE: January 12 closure
The city is conducting repairs on our water lines next Tuesday, so instead of
asking everyone to avoid using water that day, the office will close.
Although we won't come into the office, I'd like you to continue your
responsibilities from home, if possible.
inoon tho A ring t gon o moil me
Questions 147-148 refer to the following memo.
MEMORANDUM
CONWAY ACCOUNTING
TO: stafflist@conaccount.com
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
132
149. What can customers do only once a week?
(A) Order a free dessert
(B) Receive a discount on beverages
(C) Make a reservation for dinner
(D) Get a private dining room
150. What is mentioned about the restaurant by a
reviewer?
(A) It imports ingredients from Italy.
(B) Its deli sandwiches are custom-made.
(C) Its dishes are prepared quickly.
(D) Its food tastes homemade.
(We are closed between 3:00 P.M. and 4:00 P.М.)
"Tastes like my grandma's cooking... 4/5 stars!"
- Nicole Rossi, writer for the famous food blog Taste of New York
For dinner reservations, please call:
202-555-0189
Tuesday Special! Save money on drinks and desserts!
All large-size beverages are just $1 and all dessert combination plates are just $3.
Kids 6 and under eat for free!
Lunch
11:00 A.м. to 3:00 Р.M.
Dinner
4:00 P.м. to 10:00 Р.м.
55 51st Street, New York, NY 10019
Enjoy our rich, authentic Italian cuisine. Whether it's freshly baked garlic bread,
pasta smothered in olive oil, or our thin crust pizza,
our dishes feature flavors straight from Napoli!
Our lunch menu includes specials on classic deli sandwiches.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following advertisement.
Carluzzi's Dinar
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 133
151. How was the money paid?
(A) By cash
(B) By check
(C) By credit card
(D) Electronically
152. Who is Maikel Riny?
(A) A cashier
(B) A real estate agent
(C) A property owner
(D) A tenant
(Renter)
Property 38 Bertram St. Method Cash
Check
Credit
Transfer
Period Jan. 1-31 Paid to Maikel Riny
(Landlord)
Test
Avenue du Bourget 142
1130 Brussels
+32 (2) 339-21-11
Date Feb. 20
No. 1361-99
Paid by Anita Klara Paid €413
Questions 151-152 refer to the following receipt.
Hennie Real Estate
134
154. When will workshop attendees learn about
communication skills?
(A) At 9:30 А.M.
(B) At 10:15 A.м.
(C) At 1:30 Р.м.
(D) At 3:30 Р.м.
153. For whom is the workshop most likely
intended?
(A) Computer programmers
(B) Department store staff
(C) Clothing store employees
(D) Restaurant workers
155. What is stated about the event?
(A) A parking permit will be required.
(B) A meal will be provided.
(C) The schedule may be changed.
(D) It will take place in a shopping mall.
Attendees should present their registration receipts upon arrival at the convention
center. They will then be given a token that can be used to redeem lunch in the
cafeteria during the break. Parking is available on a first-come, first-served basis.
Additional parking spaces may be found at the nearby Willis Shopping Mall
parking area.
Please visit www.masonaha.com/workshop/info for further information.
1:30 P.M. - 3:15 P.M. Dealing with Customers - Find out how to speak to
dissatisfied customers. Learn how to explain issues
clearly and suggest solutions.
3:30 P.м. - 4:45 р.м. Speeding Up Service - Learn how to serve restaurant
diners more quickly without lowering the standard of
service.
Aldrich Convention Center - May 23
Session Topic
9:30 A.м. - 10:10 A.м. Using New Technology - Learn about the latest tablet
computers that can be used for taking orders.
10:15 A.м. - 12:00 Р.м. Maintaining Your Appearance - As a member of the
service industry, it is important to look professional.
Learn how to look your best at all times
Questions 153-155 refer to the following schedule.
5th Annual American Hospitality Association (AHA) Workshop
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 135
(D) At a concert hall souvenir.
(B) Hank bought his ticket himself.
(C) The ticket can be used to get a discount.
(D) The ticket contains some useful
information.
156. Where most likely is Julie?
(A) At a parking garage
(B) At a souvenir shop
(C) At a sporting event
157. At 1:39 P.M., what does Julie most likely
mean when she writes, "You have your ticket,
right"?
(A) Hank should keep his ticket as a
Julie
You have your ticket, right?
1:39 р.м.
Hank 1:40 P.M.
Oh, I see. OK, I'll be there in a few minutes. Want
anything from the snack bar? I'm going to get a hot dog.
Send
Test 5
anyway. Are you almost here? The game is in the second
inning, and you've already missed a home run.
Hank 1:38 P.M.
I just arrived at the stadium. There's a lot of traffic today!
It looks like there are several entrance gates. Which one
should I go to?
Questions 156-157 refer to the following text-message chain.
Julie 1:34 P.M.
Sorry that I missed your call, but it's too loud to talk
136
(D) It manufactures hardware for dial-up
service.
159. According to the press release, what is a
benefit of the new cables?
(A) They are more colorful.
(B) They are more durable.
(C) They are less expensive.
(D) They are easier to install.
(D) In December
service to begin in three counties in December.
158. What is indicated about NTA FiberArts?
(A) It was founded by Mr. Lang.
(B) It has primarily served rural areas.
(C) It has a deal with an Internet service
provider.
160. When will Northwest Telecall start to install
the new cables?
(A) In August
(B) In October
(C) In November
ign-speed mternet access to 250,000 more households throughout the
country. "We have the capability to bring high-speed Internet to areas of the
country that are still using dial-up," he said. "In this day and age, those
communities cannot be competitive if they're using outdated technology."
Although these cables are more expensive than the standard version, several
Internet service providers have already expressed interest. Northwest Telecall,
which provides service throughout that region of the country, has agreed to
work with NTA FiberArts to begin laying these cables in November, with
Georgetown, August 12-NTA FiberArts, a manufacturer of fiber optic
cables, today announced a new line of high-performance cables to be released
before the end of October. The new cables will be coated with a material that
is 15% stronger than previous models, which were best suited for urban and
suburban environments.
According to company spokesperson Anthony Lang, this new product will
allow service providers to lay cables in previous inaccessible areas, bringing
Questions 158-160 refer to the following press release.
Press Release
chat room?
(A) He is not involved in the issue being
discussed.
(B) He will visit Ms. Alvelo to submit some
materials.
(C) He is already aware of a new policy.
(D) He must make a phone call to Stanley.
(A) To request some time to complete a task
(B) To ask for more office supplies
(C) To suggest that Ms. Alvelo is not
responsible for a duty
(D) To indicate that some errors have been
found
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 137
161. What does Mr. Sibley mention that Stanley is
doing?
(A) Going on a business trip
(B) Caring for a family member
(C) Attending a training program
(D) Visiting potential clients
162. Why does Mr. Sibley most likely leave the
163. What is implied about Zamexon, Inc.?
(A) It is based in a different country.
(B) It has completed a deal with Abrival.
(C) It will make a decision on May 14.
(D) It is a manufacturing company.
164. At 9:49 A.M., what does Ms. Chao most likely
mean when she writes, "I'll have to look over
the budaetiG
Sofia Alvelo [9:4/ А.м. Right. I need to know if we can make a higher offer or not. If we
can do it, we should, because it would be difficult for us to find
another manufacturer at this stage.
5
Anwei Chao [9:49 A.м.]
Sofia Alvelo [9:49 A.M.]
I'll have to look over the budget.
OK, but I think we should hurry before their deal with the other
company is finalized. Could you get back to me with your
conclusions by the end of the day?
Anwei Chao [9:50 A.м.] I'll do my best.
SEND
Sofia Alvelo [9:43 A.M.] I'm sorry to hear that. Do you know when he'll be back? An issue
has come up with Zamexon, Inc.
Anwei Chaо [9:44 A.м.] He'll be away at least until May 14, but I've been put in charge of
many of his tasks.What's going on?
Duane Sibley (9:44 A.M.] I don't know anything about Zamexon. I'll leave you two to it.
<Duane Sibley has exited the chat room.> R Sofia Alvelo [9:45 A.М.]
Anwei Chao [9:46 A.М.]
I got word from Zamexon that another company has offered a
bigger contract for the time period that we're hoping to reserve.
So they want to take the other company's offer?
Test
Questions 161-164 refer to the following online chat discussion
Abrival Company Messenger
Sofia Alvelo [9:40 A.м. Does anybody know where Stanley is? He's not answering his phone.
Duane Sibley [9:42 A.м.] Oh, he had to take some time off to help his mother. She's having
some health issues.
138
Dorry's has become famous in Meara and
surrounding areas for its elegant women's
blouses, skirts, and dresses.[1]-
Owner Dorry Saunders, who started the
business two years ago, is a graduate of
Vanden Fashion Institute. She expressed
gratitude for the loan and said it would be
used to buy machinery and hire a
results of this project are as outstanding as
we expect, the next step could be another
loan to facilitate large-scale manufacturing
of the clothing by contracting with a
factory." He added that the program is
seeking additional recipients for the current
year and asked those interested to contact
him at 555-0175.-[4]-
MEARA-The City of Meara has made a
loan available to Dorry's Fashions as part
of its Business Development Loan
Program. The new loan will allow Dorry's
to create two new jobs, expand their
production capacity, and increase sales.
to ny ]2[ —' ..It's going to allow me to
spend more time on design and get clothes
into the store more quickly," she explained.
Business Development Loan Program
official Bart Southcott said, "We feel that
Dorry's Fashions has the potential to
become a valuable part of the Meara
business community. - [3] -. If the
Questions 165-167 refer to the following article.
City Provides Loan for
Expansion of Dorry's Fashions
dressmaking assistant and a salesperson,
bringing the number of store employees up
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 139
Test 5
166. What does Mr. Southcott say afuture loan
might be used for? (B) [2]
(C) [3] (A) Purchasing real estate for a new retail
location (D) [4]
(B) Increasing the scale of advertising
(C) Hiring a mass production facility
(D) Creating and maintaining an online shop
165. What is indicated about Ms. Saunders?
(A) She grew up in Meara.
(B) She studied fashion formally.
(C) She specializes in menswear.
(D) She is currently the store's only staff.
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Designed and made in-house, these items
are prized for their unique style."
(A) [1L
140
Ronaldo Diego became pals with Salina Maria.
•Zan Yong and 20 others wrote on your page: "Happy birthday, Jan!"
To see more notifications from pals, write on their pages, or check out their photos,
log in to Around24 now.
Best,
Around24
Last Week
•Young-Hoon Lee started a new job:
•Marketing Director, Clear-Glass LLC
13 pals applauded your new profile photo.
Yesterday
• Krystyn Alfred added three new photos to her album, "I love my new bike!"
Today
10: Janinegray@globalmail.com
Date: April 28
Subject: Don't miss these important notifications!
Hi, Janine Gray,
You have not logged into your Around24 account for a while. Here is what you
have been missing:
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message
From: noreply@around24.com
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 141
Test 5
(D) A place for social networking
169. What is indicated about Young-Hoon Lee?
(A) He updated his profile photo.
(B) He recently began a new job.
(C) He has not used Around24 for a long
time.
(D) He left a comment on a friend's photo
olbum
(D) Her birthday is April 28.
171. What is NOT mentioned as a reason to log in
to Around24?
(A) To receive updates on friends' activities
(B) To browse photos uploaded by friends
(C) To chat with friends over the Internet
(D) To leave a comment on a friend's page
168. What type of Web site is Around24?
(A) A catalog of local services
(B) A job recruitment Web site
(C) A site that sells used goods
170. What is suggested about Janine Gray?
(A) She forgota password.
(B) Her profile picture has been deleted.
(C) She purchased a bike yesterday.
142
You may contact me by e-mail if you have any questions about these points. Thank you.
Sincerely,
Sasha Woods
Human Resources Coordinator
Company duties must take priority over social media usage during working hours.
Spending more than a few minutes of company time per day on such activities is unwise.
• In the case that a social media interaction related to the company turns into a conflict,
quickly disengage from the situation and notify the Public Relations department. Any
inquiries received through social media about the company should also be referred there.
-[4]-
The full list of rules can be seen here. Failure to follow them may result in penalties being
imposed by management.
The term "social media" here refers to blogs, message boards, chat rooms, social
networking sites, and other sites and services that permit users to quickly share
information with large numbers of other people.
When using social media in reference to the company, employees must adhere to the
codes of conduct set out in the Employee Handbook.- [2]-
Yoplex may seek out information that employees have made public on social media in
order to ensure that it is not harmful to the company's image.-[3]-
• Do not disclose confidential information about company procedures, clients, finances,
etc
To: All employees
Date: April 9
Subject: Social media policy
Because of recent issues caused by violations of our social media policy, Yoplex Holdings
would like to refresh employees' memory about its main points. Please read the following
carefully.-[1]-
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message
From: Sasha Woods <sasha.woods@yoplexholdings.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 143
(C) Send inquiries received to publicity
specialists. (A) [1]
(D) Follow general Employee Handbook
policies.
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Test 5
(C) A similar e-mail is sent each year at this
time.
(D) Requests for clarification were received.
173. What is NOT one of the rules mentioned for
employees?
(A) Do not reveal company secrets.
(B) Never use social media in the workplace.
(C) To dispute a previous penalty
(D) To ask a question about the policy
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"If such content is found, the employee may
be asked to remove or delete it."
172. Why was this e-mail sent?
(A) Some rules have not been followed.
(B) Some changes have been made to the
policy.
174. Why would an employee most likely contact
Ms. Woods?
(A) To report a conflict on a social media site
(B) To obtain the complete list of rules
144
Would you like to receive our weekly newsletter at the provided mailing address?
Yes No
Marina Lyubov
Dinh Thanh
24
41
Research Assistant
Professor
Do you eat Ranch Hands foods regularly? If yes, how frequently?
Yes, about twice a week
Contact information:
Phone (270) 555-0106
E-mail kualana@greenbackuniversity.edu
Addro 111 Поuier t Owoесром KY 13202
Group affiliation
Tasting Group Application
We are in a marketing class together at Green Back University.
Group members:
Name Age Occupation
Pika Kualana 29 Graduate student
Magdalena Isabel 31 Graduate student
rranes 9
icate
.
The tasting will be at the Ranch Hands production facility on Winthrop Lane.
• The tasting will take one hour.
이
The tasting will be videotaped.
The videotape might be used for promotional purposes.
Ranch Hands Food Company, famous for its top-quality cooking ingredients, will enter
the frozen foods market in the first quarter of next year. Ranch Hands is looking for
groups to give feedback on the flavor and palatability of new ready-to-eat meals. The
meals should appeal to adults and teenagers, so a family of 3 to 4 people with teenage
children would be an ideal test group. If you would like to apply, please contact the
customer outreach coordinator Rick Malone at 270-555-0165. He will give you an
application form to fill out and conduct a brief interview. Applicants who subscribe to
our weekly newsletter will automatically be entered into a drawing for $100 in Ranch
Hondo mift ooutifi
Questions 176-180 refer to the following notice and form.
Ranch Hands Seeks Tasters
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 145
(B) It will be at a corporate headquarters.
(C) It will be recorded for advertisements.
(D) It will provide data to a university.
groups.
Test 5
177. What is implied about Ranch Hands Food
Company?
(A) It needs nutritionists to sample a product.
(B) It outsources food production.
(C) It only sells pre-made meals.
(D) It prints a weekly newsletter.
178. What is true about the tasting?
(A) It will take an entire evening to finish.
ingredient.
(D) All of the group members are adults.
180. What is suggested about Mr. Kualana?
(A) He has never eaten Ranch Hands food.
(B) He will be registered in a lottery for gift
cards.
(C) He is a research assistant in a marketing
program.
(D) Ho hae narticinatod in multinlo tactina
176. In the notice, the word "conduct" in paragraph
1, line 7, is closest in meaning to
(A) hold
(B) steer
(C) charge
(D) collect
179. Why is Mr. Kualana's group NOT an ideal
tasting group?
(A) They eat Ranch Hands products twice a
week.
(B) There are only four members in the
group.
(C) Some people are allergic to a certain
146
Celio Duarte
CNO Producer
Dear Ms. Carla,
Good news! After several production meetings,we have decided that your work is
perfect for our television show, Moving Museum. Burt Threkold will contact you
with specific details about the products we will need and tentative production dates.
Congratulations!
Sincerely,
Celio Duarte
January 7
Sofia Carla
988 East Spellman Road
Chicago, IL 60612
traditional masks across Africa, it was
simple bead bracelets in South America
that inspired her. "I like jewelry. It's the
perfect blend of form and function,"
Carla explained during our interview.
She recalled her first encounter with
Peruvian jewelry in Cusco. "I just
thought, I can do this. I can make these,
and I can sell these"Carla said It seems
So has the recent surge of fame and
business success changed Carla's
ambitions? "I'm still that same artist who
just wants to make unique accessories.
Actually, my one complaint is that I don't
have much time for actually making
jewelry anymore!"
- Susan Berkman
Chicago native Sofia Carla did not study
art the traditional way. She dropped out
of The New York School of Fine Arts
after taking only one sculpture class to
go on a quest to see as much art as
possible. After seeing the most famous
paintings in the world in Paris, classic
Chinese pottery in Shanghai and
she was right. She opened Las Pulseras,
her studio, gallery and gift shop, last
summer in Chicago, and it has enjoyed
considerable success in its first year of
operation. Her bracelets have been
profiled in Chicago Circle magazine and
are being considered to appear in CNO's
television series about ancient cultures.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following article and letter.
Arts and Culture Today
August
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 147
store.
(C) She wants more time to make jewelry.
(D) Her bracelets received a negative review.
Test 5
(A) It is sold in Cusco.
(B) It is displayed in a studio.
(C) It is made from gold.
(D) It is shown in movies.
183. What is Ms. Carla unhappy about?
(A) Traveling has become difficult since she
became famous.
(B) It is expensive to rent the space for her
Ms. Carla?
(A) Bracelets
(B) Sculpture class schedule
(C) Travel advice
(D) Equipment prices
or
181. What did Ms. Carla see in Shanghai?
(A) Paintings
(B) Masks
(C) Pottery
(D) Jewelry
182 WWhat is true about Ms Carla's iewelry?
184. What is Moving Museum about?
(A) Ancient cultures
(B) Jewelry making
(C) Global traveling
(D) Art schools
185 WWhat will Mr Threkold probablyreguest from
148
explained, "She shared some of the trials and hardships she faced when she
first started her career. It was really encouraging to know she overcame the
same struggles I'm dealing with today." So will Parker teach another class?
Although she has no immediate plans to return, she says not to rule it out.
April 28Annabelle Parker has had various titles including CEO and now
she can add one more to the long list-visiting professor. Parker taught a
course this past semester here at Gerard University based on her early career
at Stamos and Company. She mostly talked about the different aspects of
making computer software programs such as brainstorming ideas, working
collaboratively with other people, overcoming technical limitations, and more.
Parker also gave tidbits of advice and inspiration to her students. One student
Parker will teach a twelve-week course called 'The Digital Age' in the upcoming winter
semester. The course will be open to master's program students only.
Gerard University Press
becoming CEO, she is credited to steadily increasing Spiegel's revenue and making it
one of the most popular and trusted technology companies in the States.
Prior to joining Spiegel, Parker worked at the San Francisco-based Stamos and
Company. She was in charge of creating many of the company's computer software
programs. She also started an internship program there called Excel Entrepreneurs
Program (EEP). It runs every summer helping students learn about the technology
inductrufrom aotuol Stomog ond Comp
Faculty
Annabelle Parker is a visiting professor at Gerard University. She received her MS in
Computer Science at Port Bright College and her MBA at Knightstown School of
Business.
Parker is the current CEO of Spiegel Technologies. She started working at Spiegel
Technologies seventeen years ago in its product develonment denartment Since
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page, article, and e-mail.
www.gerarduniversity.edu/facultyprofiles
D) wal
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 149
(C) Operating financial business firms
(D) Raising funds for new businesses
188. In the article, the word "faced" in paragraph
1, line 8, is closest in meaning to
(A) refused
(B) experienced
(C) displayed
(D) watchod
(C) She is the CEO of a technology
company.
(D) She works in a research and
development department.
187. What did 'The Digital Age' focus on?
(A) Marketing new products online
(B) Developing computer software programs
190. What will Mr. Levitt most likely do in the
summer?
(A) He will purchase a new computer.
(B) He will launch a Web site.
(C) He will meet Ms. Parker.
(D) He will work in San Francisco.
186. What is indicated about Ms. Parker? 189. Who most likely is Mr. Levitt?
(A) She received a degree from Gerard
University.
(B) She taught a one-year master's program
course
(A) Ms. Parker's former student
(B) The Stamos and Company CEO
(C) An intern at Spiegel Technologies
(D) A Port Bright College professor
for all your advice and helping me prepare my application. I'm really
looking forward to my internship this summer. Thank you once again.
Sincerely,
Devon Levitt
Test 5
Subject. LEP
Date: June 3
Dear Ms. Parker,
I can't believe how much time has gone by since you taught my class.
I just wanted to let you know I got accepted into the EEP! Thank you
E-Mail Message
To: Annabelle Parker <annabelle@spiegeltechnologies.com>
From: Devon Levitt <dlevitt@gerard.edu>
150
DocUser is a page layout program focused on organizing and designing the layout of any
document, such as a brochure, advertisement, Web page, or presentation.
Price: $250 per year
Are you a returning PicUser member? Our Rewards Package is now offering PicUser at
a 50% discount. Do you plan on using IllustraUser for a long time? Our Deluxe Package
is a special two-year subscription plan that prices IllustraUser at $550. We offer special
rates for large corporations. For bulk orders of over 100 programs, contact a CompUser
customer representative to receive a discounted corporate rate.
Price: $280 per year
VidUser is a video editing program designed to make videos in an easy and fast way.
Users can combine various media, such as video clips, pictures, and texts, to produce a
video of any length.
Price: $270 per year
IllustraUser is a graphic design program that can be used to make digital images and
illustrations. Its user-friendly functions make creating any type of image easier than ever.
Price: $290 per year
CompUser
CompUser is a leading computer software company offering many different
computer programs to serve a variety of needs. Purchase a subscription
to any of our programs, and once it is purchased, it can be downloaded onto a computer.
PicUser is a digital image editing program which allows users to enhance and edit their
pictures. Whether it is to make an image brighter or to cut some details out of a picture,
PicUser can be used by apyone
use. Please look into this matter by 25 November. I will e-mail all the employees later
today letting them know about the situation. Then on the day we purchase new
programs, I will write another memo informing everyone whether to continue using
the current programs or to download new ones.
Min-Hee
From: Min-Hee Park <mhpark@phartists.co.au>
Subject: CompUser Programs
Date: 5 November
Hi, Jayesh,
Our CompUser computer software programs' subscriptions will come to an end soon.
We need to either renew them from Comn User or find some alternative proorams to
Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mail, advertisement, and form.
To:
E-Mail message
Jayesh Kapoor <kapoor8@phartists.co.au>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 5 151
(D) They are geared toward design-related
tasks.
(C) create
(D) act
193. What is indicated about CompUser's
programs?
(A) They can be delivered by express mail.
(B) They focus on helping computer
engineers.
(C) They have monthly subscription options.
(B) They will expire soon.
(C) They are malfunctioning.
(D) Their version is outdated.
192. In the advertisement, the word "produce" in
paragraph 3, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) cause
(B) grow
(B) Fill out an expense report
(C) Download some image files
(D) Contact a customer representative
195. What is true about Mr. Kapoor?
(A) He is a professional photographer.
(B) He works in the accounting department.
(C) He purchased graphic design programs.
(D) Ho rocoivod a bulkordor discount
Total Price: $5,500
191. What is the reason Ms. Park wants to
purchase new computer programs?
(A) Their warranty has ended.
194. What did Ms. Park most likely do on
November 30?
(A) Send a notification
Test 5
Purchase Date: 30 November
Name: Jayesh Kapoor
Company: Park & Harden Artists
Item
Deluxe Package
Quantity
10
Price
$550
CompUser Order Form
Order Confirmation Number: 93811
152
For bookings that are cancelled more than one week prior to the start of a
tour, an 80% refund will be given. For bookings that are cancelled less than
a week before the start of a tour, a 50% refund will be given. For bookings
that are cancelled one day before a tour begins, a 10% refund will be given.
nase0: C varc
Tour
Flower Tour
(Lunch included)
Date
18 April
Guest
1
Price
€40
Cheese and Windmill Tour 20 April 1 €80
Total Amount Paid: €120
at www.wtours.ni.
Reservation Receipt #4623
Name: Caroline Braxton
additional fee) in the middle of a colorful flower bed. This tour is only available in the
spring when the flowers are in bloom.
Cheese and Windmill Tour: This tour makes two stops at quaint Dutch towns to allow
visitors to get a feel for Dutch life. Visitors will be able to participate in an outdoor
cheese festival and partake in a free cheese tasting. Afterwards, visitors will see
traditional windmills that are still running today.
Reserve a spot on any of our tours today by calling us at 555-0012, or visit our Web site
Holland!
Bike Tour: This five-hour tour takes place in a rural area outside of Amsterdam. Bikers
will have a chance to see a range of beautiful Dutch landscapes from the wetlands to the
plains. Although the tour is open to adults and children, bikers are required to have a
reasonable level of fitness and biking skills.
Flower Tour: Enjoy a walk through the world's largest open-air flower garden with over
seven million flower bulbs. Visitors will also be able to enjoy a picnic lunch (for an
Questions 196-200 refer to the following Web page, receipt, and e-mail.
Wander Tour Group
Now that you've seen Amsterdam, take a day trip and see other picturesque views of
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 5 153
198. What is suggested about Ms. Braxton?
(A) She is visiting Amsterdam for 3 days.
(B) She participated in a cheese tasting.
(C) She joined a seasonal tour.
(D) She frequently rides her bike.
(D) ey ocus
(C) They have an age limit.
(D) They do not operate on Sundays.
197. In the Web page, the word "spot" in
paragraph 5, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(D) It provides complimentary lunches.
200. How much of a refund will Ms. Braxton
receive?
(A) 10%
(A) mark
(B) stain
(C) view
(D) seat
(B) 50%
(C) 80%
(D) 90%
tomorrow, so I would like a refund. My order number is 4623.
Caroline Braxton
196. According to the Web page, what is true
about the day trips?
(A) They take place in Amsterdam.
(R) Thoy focи ор оutdoor activities
199. What is implied about Wander Tour Group?
(A) It is located in the city center.
(B) It organizes annual festivals.
(C) It has bilingual tour quides
Test
5
Subject: Wander Tour Group-Tour Cancellation
Hello,
I thoroughly enjoyed the Flower Tour yesterday after a few days in Amsterdam.
The tulips and other flowers were truly amazing, and my guide, Alex, was
knowledgeable and conducted the tour in Dutch and English. Although I had a
wonderful time, I got sick this morning. I will not be able to make my tour
E-Mail message
To: customersupport@wtours.nl
From: caroline22@jrmail.com
Date: 19 April
TEST 6
156
104. Barb Salonen's speeches on world
development often leave her audiences with
strong
(A) impresses
(B) impressed
(C) impressions
(D) impressive
108. The forested area bordering the airport has
been designated as ------ land.
(A) publicize
(B) publicly
(C) public
(D) publicness
(C) relatively
(D) carefully
103. Regardless of the problem, all customer
complaints will be dealt with --
(A) appropriates
(B) appropriated
(C) appropriating
(D) appropriately
107. Ms. Blake's small firm------ was able to
assemble over one thousand volunteers last
month.
(A) she
(B) herself
(C) it
(D) itself
(B) next
(C) about
(D) behind
102. VirafTech's latest high-definition camcorder
debuted at a----high price compared to
similar models.
(A) diligently
(B) productively
(C) lead
(D) comply
106.---- most senior directors, Mr. Nguyen
started his career in research.
(A) Although
(B) Until
(C) Contrary
(D) Unlike
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Hot liquids should be carried in special
containers and disposed of in the drainthe store.
(A) out
105. Employees should not ------- to more than
one special committee during the year.
(A) commit
(B) participate
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
(C) registered
(D) registering
(D) analysis
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 157
114.
(A) contradictions
(B) renovations
(C) reminders
(D) bystanders
If--fail to report a change of address
within one month of moving, a fine will be
promptly issued.
(A) registrants
(B) register
(B) throughout
(C) such as
(D) among
120. Recent tests of the vitamin formula
conducted by an external laboratory align
with Dr. Chan's original.
(A) analytical
(B) analyzes
(C) analyzed
investors--.
(A) positively
(B) positive
(C) positivity
(D) more positive
113. From Monday morning to Tuesday evening,
the third floor meeting room will be closed for
119.
code into an executable program.
(A) Most
(B) Neither
(C) Few
(D) Almost
Light snacks and beverages will be provided
to all participants- the seminar today.
(A) as to
Test 6
111. The company's tenth anniversary will be held
outside at Hutchinson Gardens-----the
weather becomes inclement.
(A) than
(B) despite
(C) unless
(D) because
112. The news that Valute Corp. is merging with
Stanford Partners impacted the maiority of
117. Since the implementation of the new fire
protection standards, Wiltshire Towers has
undergone - safety inspections.
(A) randomly
(B) random
(C) randomness
(D) randomize
118.------ candidate demonstrated a strong
understanding of how to transform the source
(D) impression
110. Teltoy's interactive wristwatch for kids
became an success after it aired on
local home shopping networks.
(A) instant
(B) instantly
(C) instance
(D) instances
(D) opened
116. The years Ms. Wang has devoted to the
Harford One Tire Company guarantee her a
---- pension.
(A) skillful
(B) substantial
(C) loyal
(D) numerous
109. Carson City has announced that it will begin
a three-year-long-- to install solar panels
on all city buildings.
(A) burden
(B) initiative
(C) demand
115. Results of the company's sales for the
previous quarter will be shared--with the
public as per policy.
(A) open
(B) opens
(C) openly
158
(D) competent
125.
(D) In an attempt to
The new art installation is the product of a
------- effort between several community
groups and the town council.
(A) to collaborate
(B) collaboratively
(C) collaborate
(D) collaborative
130.
(D) alternatively
In keeping with policy, only those
responsibilities and qualifications deemed
------- to the position will be mentioned in the
job posting.
(A) essential
(B) flexible
(C) accessible
124.
(C) actuality
(D) actualize
-------the letter of request, North Ridge Suites
is pleased to offer use of the main ballroom
at a reduced rate to the Iduwe Society.
(A) So as to
(B) In response to
(C) As an expression of
(D) quote
129. In the interest of making the article easier for
the general public to understand, many of the
scientific terms were---- deleted from the
document.
(A) sparsely
(B) intentionally
(C) domestically
(C) finances
(D) handles
123. Famous for its cosmetics, Rosalita's
Necessaries - carries a complete
inventory of medicinal and therapeutic skin
care products.
(A) actual
(B) actually
(C) once
(D) regardless
128. The frequent use of mobile applications for
international calls is a --that is likely to
continue while services remain free.
(A) retreat
(B) trend
(C) record
(B) will assign
(C) has assigned
(D) has been assigned
122. To remain within the reduced budget, the
development team is putting numerous costcutting-- into place.
(A) measures
(B) references
(B) mutually
(C) rarely
(D) dividedly
127. New Imij Share members will receive
confirmation by e-mail--- their application
is approved.
(A) thereby
(B) notwithstanding
121. Sudip Banerjee ------to a new post in India
where he is expected to grow our business
network.
(A) assigned
126. Stacy's Candy Store customers -
accumulate enough annual rewards points to
receive a free box of chocolates.
(A) absently
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 159
(D) determine 134. (A) Moreover
(B) However
(C) In spite of this
(D) For example
131. (A) succeed
(B) success
(C) successful
(D) successfully
132. (A) reward
(B) operate
(C) recall
133. (A) We will then hire them as consultants.
(B) Therefore, we suggest the following
changes.
(C) Our training modules are rigorous and
varied.
(D) Few industries have grown as much as
ours.
-,our packages include fully-catered meals, audiovisual equipment rentals, setup and cleanup 134.
assistance, and follow-up surveys for client feedback.
Please visit www.IDTsuccess.com or call 555-0168 for more information.
Test 6
Excellence in the Workplace
At Infinity Development and Training, Inc., we put theof our clients first. As leaders in the 131.
professional development industry, our training facilitators have years of experience. We will work
with your team tothe strengths and weaknesses of your department, whatever your 132.
specialization may be. They include Office Communication, Nurturing Creativity, Customer 133.
Senice and Care and Community Integration
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following advertisement.
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
160
136. (A) Instead
(B) Similarly
(C) Alternately
(D) Such as
138. (A) Such difficulties are very common.
(B) The career counselor will then make edits.
(C) They must be confirmed by certification.
(D) This will be more memorable to a reader.
career challenge you and how you successfully utilized these abilities to solve it. 137. 138.
135. (A) vacated
(B) multiplied
(C) qualified
(D) benefited
137. (A) have experienced
(B) experience
(C) will experience
(D) are experiencing
that hundreds of equally 135. applicants might be sending in their résumés, along with yours.
Career counselor Hiroshi Tanaka explains that the key to getting organizations to notice you is to
make sure your "story" stands out. "Job applicants should no longer consider an application a dry list
of achievements," he explains."-, view this process as an opportunity to tell your story and 136.
stand out." Don't merely inform HR personnel that you have "good organizational skills." Describe a
Questions 135-138 refer to the following article.
Make Your Résumé Come to Life
This is a tough time for iob hunters. Fewer positions are ayailable and competition is stiff Be aware
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 161
(C) between
(D) by
(C) Lets celebrate this major accompiisnmen.
(D) Most of this time will be used for tastetesting.
139. (A) head
140.
(B) campaign
(C) results
(D) committee
(A) in
(B) about
141. (A) have advised
(B) advisably
(C) to advise
(D) be advised
142. (A) You may reschedule it for later in the day.
(B) If it goes longer, lunch will be provided.
nowing tems
There has been a dramatic increase --- commercial costs at the television network. 140.
• There is a possible copyright infraction regarding the use of the Toasty Oats mascot.
These complications must be ironed out before the ad package can be launched. Please 141.
the meeting is expected to take three hours. 142.
Contact Edward Paisano if you have questions: epaisano@telltaleads.com.
that
Test 6
Subject: Additional team meeting
Due to some unexpected changes, there will be an additional meeting to fine-tune our winter
advertisingfor Toasty Oats cereal, despite the outcome of our meeting last Friday. All 139.
members of the team who are responsible for this contract should report to the conference room
tomorrow at 9:30 А.M.
Tho following itomc will be on the agenda:
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Toasty Oats Advertising Team
From: Sales and Marketing Department
Date: October 29
162
(D) We would like to keep your résumé on
file as well.
(C) proceeds
(D) expenditure
144. (A) Ms. Vincent and her family currently
reside in Atlanta.
(B) This is a significant reordering of our
corporate structure.
(C) She has already implemented several
new strategies.
(C) her
(D) their
146. (A) required
(B) had required
(C) would have required
(D) will require
I'll be in touch with more instructions as the moving date approaches.
Regards,
Norman Todder
143. (A) asset
(B) memory
145. (A) our
(B) its
144. .We are expecting her to begin her new position withcompany on August 1, after she 145.
relocates to New York.
Please contact the building manager of our temporary staff residence. If Ms. Vincent arrives early,
she 146. early access to her unit.
Date: July 17
Subject: Moving arrangements
Dear Ms. Mendez,
As you may have heard, Todder & Todder Corporation has recently hired Andrea Vincent as our new
vice president of sales.We believe she willbe a valuableto the team and will help to bring 143.
about groat imnro to ot T&
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Melissa Mendez <m.mendez@relocate-assist.com>
From: Norman Todder
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 163
147. On what floor would visitors most likely find
personal care products?
(A) The 1st floor
(B) The 2nd floor
(C) The 3rd floor
(D) The 4th floor
148. Whom should visitors contact to rent office
space?
(A) Misel Global Trading, Inc.
(B) Ohmes Consulting
(C) Building Services
(D) Wheatly Square
3rd Floor Business Suites
Law Offices of Smith & Hesson
Ohmes Consulting
Misel Global Trading, Inc.
Pretton Press
Elevators can be accessed from the
north entrance of the lobby.
Leasing services provided by Wheatly Square (202) 555-0198
Intormation Desk
Building Services
Main Lobby
Café
2nd Floor
Examination Rooms
Robinto Pharmacy
Wheatly Health Services
Orea Grocers & Vitamins
Nera Miarketing Auvamay
Rapido Personal Trainers
GSB Films
5th Floor Restaurants
The Western Rooftop
The Wheatly Vine
Ajani's Caribbean Kitchen
Mary's Burgers and Fries
Test 6
Questions 147-148 refer to the following building directory.
Building Directory
1st Floor 4th Floor Business Suites
loro Morcoting duontago
PART 7
Directions: In this part you willread a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
164
149. What part of a shoe does the sign NOТ
mention?
(A) The bottom
(B) The toр
(C) The strings
(D) The toe
150. When will the store be open?
(A) Thursday 9 A.M.
(B) Friday 10 А.м.
(C) Saturday 11 A.M.
(D) Sunday 12 noon
Slipped soles, torn tongues, or lost shoelaces -We can help!
Monday to Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Hours
10 A.M. to 6 P.M.
12 noon to 6 P.M.
Closed
Questions 149-150 refer to the following sign.
Cain County Shoe Repair
(C) A kitchen was missing an appliance.
(D) A building's access code was
unavailable.
work.
(B) He needs driving directions to a building.
(C) He needs permission to buy building
materials.
(D) He wants to remind Mr. Dunlap about a
task's urgency.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
151. According to Mr. Dunlap, what was the
problem?
(A) A building material was out of stock.
(B) Alight was not working properly.
152. At 10:11 A.M., what does Mr. Mauro most
likely mean when he writes, "When can we
go over to East Plaza?"
(A) He wants to praise Mr. Dunlap for his
Brad Dunlap
By the weekend for sure.
10:12 A.м.
Andy Mauro
Please. We have to finish up that job out there.
10:12 A.Mм.
Brad Dunlap 10:13 A.м.
Sure. I'll run to the building supply store today and pick up
materials for the project.
Andy Mauro
Super Thanks for that Talk again later
10:13 A.м.
resto
Brad Duniap 10:09 A.M.
We're set. I had to replace all the old wiring that was causing the house's porch light to keep going out
Andy Mauro
Really? That took care of the problem, right?
10:10 A.м.
Brad Dunlap 10:10 A.м.
Right. I also put in a new fixture and an energy-saving bulb.
Andy Mauro 10:11 A.м.
Good deal. When can we go over to East Plaza?
Questions 151-152 refer to the following text-message chain.
Andy Mauro 10:08 A.M.
Just checking in. How's it going with the Stoffel job?
166
expenses
(D) To announce a new sales budget
(C) Receipts can be submitted within one
week.
(D) They must be received once per quarter.
tne company. If you nave any questions related to the personal expenses
policy, please contact Ms. Sheffield.
153. What is the purpose of the memo?
(A) To share business travel plans
(B) To inform staff of policy changes
(C) To describe a manager's business
154. What is suggested about the expense
reports?
(A) Hard copies are currently accepted.
(B) They often have calculation inaccuracies.
business days of the expenditure. Please include on your expense log all
expenses you wish to have reimbursed as well as the time and date each one
was incurred.
From that same date onward, we will accept expense reports via company
e-mail only. All paper receipts should be provided on the next working day.
As a reminder, personal expenses that can be reimbursed include dinners
with clients, travel for business, and other unexpected spending related to
February 4
To: All Departments
From: Financing and Accounts
Re: Expenses and Reimbursements
Due to the frequency of expense reports being submitted beyond the
deadline, we will be changing the due date for submission. Starting
February 20, all personal expense reports must be received within three
Questions 153-154 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 167
156. What is NOT mentioned as something Every
Car Club customers can do?
(A) Rent a vehicle from multiple locations
(B) Reduce maintenance costs
(C) Hire a driver for short trips
(D) Use a car any day of the week
155. What is required to join Every Car Club?
(A) A reference from an existing member
(B) Special driving insurance
(C) Payment of a membership fee
(D) A purchase of a new car
157. According to the advertisement, what is the
most efficient way to use Every Car Club?
(A) Contacting a car owner
(B) Visiting a Web site
(C) Going to a rental office
(D) Using a mobile anplication
point, see what cars are available, and at what time, without having
to speak to a representative. It can't get any easier than this!
* Pay a simple monthly fee. Membership starts at $10/month. Gas,
insurance, and servicing charges all included. Save hundreds on car
ownership fees per year!
Please call or reserve online one hour before your journey.
Phone: 503-555-0194
colub
Test 6
Every Car Club is one of the top car sharing clubs in the country and has been
trusted by customers for over 20 years. With over 800 vehicles for you to rent
morning, noon, and night, you can always find a car when you need one. Choose
between our sedans, trucks, hybrids, and more. Whichever kind of vehicle you
need, it is available to you 24/7.
*We have over 30 locations at airports and cities across the country.
Drop off and pick up your rental car wherever you are. Use the
CarFinder ann on your smartphone to locate the closest pick-up
Questions 155-157 refer to the following advertisement.
Every Car Club
(D) It participates in job fairs.
(D) Meet Our New Staff
159. What is indicated about the Talent Finding
Team?
(A) It will be expanded in the future.
(B) It designs staff training programs.
(C) It was formed last vear.
about the company's values and culture."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
158. What part of the Web site is most likely
shown?
(A) Our Hiring Process
(B) Employee Benefits
(C) What Our Staff Say
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3], and [4] does the following sentence best belong?
"It includes an interactive video presentation
If you are chosen for an interview, you will speak directly with your potential
manager. You are encouraged to ask questions about life at Elecmak Ltd. -[3]-
- If you accept an employment offer with us, you will start your Elecmak Ltd.
career with our new employee orientation program. -[4]-. In your first week, a
mentor will also help you create a career development plan.
a currem
• A member of our Talent Finding Team (TFT) will personally review your
application against the requirements for our open positions. If there is a good fit,
then we will contact you. -[2]-. Note that our Talent Finding Team takes part in
national career fairs each year, and students are encouraged to apply for
internships.
Our Hiring Process / En
Elecmak Ltd. always seeks top talent to join its team. If you are interested in a
position at Elecmak Ltd., here is what you can expect at every step of the way:
Search openings and apply for positions of interest. You will be asked to submit
umó ond oroate an opline profile. -[1]-.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following information on a Web site.
http://www.hc-ba.org
Emploree Benefits/What Our Staff Say /Meet Our New Staff
(A) Before work
(B) After work
(C) During lunch breaks
(D) On weekends
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 169
161. What kind of facility are residents being
surveyed about?
(A) A public sports complex
(B) A local government office
(C) A history museum
(D) A retail center
162. When will the survey respondent most likely
visit the facility?
163. What is the survey respondent concerned
about?
(A) Construction noise
(B) Traffic congestion
(C) Opening hours
(D) Obstructed views
(a) Yes
(c) Other (Please specify in comments)
Comments: I work a day shift in an office, and I plan on using the facility on weekdays.
It's near my house, which is already a busy part of town. With more visitors coming to use
the facility, there is going to be a serious influx of drivers in our area. How is this issue
being accounted for?
(a) Soccer Field
(c) Football Field
(e) Tennis Court
(b) Baseball Field
(d) Basketball Court
3. During what time period will you most likely use the facility?
(a) Early mornings (6 A.M.-9 A.M.)☐ (b) Mornings (9 A.M.-11 A.M.)
(c) Afternoons (12 P.M.-5 р.м.) (d) Evenings (6 P.M.-9 P.м.)
4. Do you think priority parking passes should be provided to residents who pay
a membership fee?
Test 6
proposals for a new facility are being considered. We would like to ask you, the
residents of our local area, to answer the following questions in order to help
understand how we can best service the community with this new facility.
us
1. Would you prefer an indoor pool or outdoor pool (June/July/August operation
only)?
(a) Outdoor Pool (b) Indoor Pool
2. Please indicate which two of the following facilities you would like to be
included in the facility.
Questions 161-163 refer to the following survey.
City of Tobeko Study
The Chysalis outdoor pool and adioining park are being demolished and
170
Send
and delvery Tor Cranac Lta. lirst. ihen make your otner aternoon
pick-ups.
Brenda Latsky [10:49 A.M.] Sure. I saw that on my dispatch sheet. Actually,
the Bostec Tower drop-off will put me closer to my pick-up at Dendar
Industries. Shouldn't I head to Dendar first instead?
Dan Kropf [10:50 A.M.]
Brenda Latsky [10:50 A.M.]
Craftac Ltd. is a regular customer.
Got it. OK, talk to you later.
David Huiman. e s overseeing the construction project there and heeds them
right away.
Brenda Latsky [10:47 A.M.] OK. I'll be there by noon.
Dan Kropf [10:47 A.M.] Great. It's a fenced site, so just ask the attendant
to open the gate doors for you. You can park in any open space.
Brenda Latsky [10:48 A.M.] All right, sounds good.
Dan Kropf [10:48 A.M.] Quick reminder. When you're done there, make
tho piol un ood dli Cel TI
Just to confirm - it's two tubes with blueprints in them, not one.
Dan Kropf [10:45 A.M.] That's correct. One quick heads-up - there's a
cycling race passing through downtown. Traffic is getting backed up, so try to
detour around the city.
Brenda Latsky [10:46 A.M.] Will do. The delivery is going to Bostec Tower. Is
that a new building?
Dan Kropf [10:46 A.M.]
Douid LufC
It's a work site. Be sure to give the tubes to
Questions 164-167 refer to the following text-message chain.
Brenda Latsky [10:44 A.M.] Dan, I made the pick-up here at Arakx Graphics.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 171
Test 6
clients.
(C) He is surprised that business is slow.
(D) He will handle an order for Ms. Latsky.
(C) Poor weather
(D) A broken down vehicle
165. Who most likely is Mr. Huffman?
(A) A receptionist
(B) A delivery driver
(C) A project manager
(D) A real estate salesperson
(D) It has two lobbies.
167. At 10:50 A.M., what does Mr. Kropf most likely
mean when he writes, "Craftac Ltd. is a
regular customer"?
(A) Craftac Ltd. is eligible for special
discounts.
(B) Craftac Ltd. has priority over other
164. What does Mr. Kropf suggest is causing
heavy city traffic?
(A) A sporting event
(B) Road construction
166. What is probably true about Bostec Tower?
(A) Its name will be changed soon.
(B) Its parking area is underground.
(C) It has a gated entryway.
172
Naples, FL 80031
ns for all packages arе nabie on our wen sne at www.e-sparkle.net. Please indicate
your preferred choice by completing the online booking form and quoting your customer number
5892325. We look forward to working with you.
Yours sincerely,
Sam Evans
Everglade Sparkle
www.e-sparkle.net
Wainfield Road
Deep service: $90 per hour
The standard service, plus vacuuming and mopping of all floors
Industrial service: $130 per hour
Pressure-washer cleaning of industrial equipment
Premium service: $200 per hour
Thorough clean and waste removal service
Further detnile for oll poca ugiloblo W71
eato you tnal we
have a cleaning team located near you that would be able to regularly tend to your offices. We
have a number of corporate packages available, allowing you to select a service option that best
suits your company. The details of these packages are outlined below. All prices will have a state
tax applied to them on the final invoice. I have also included a copy of our contract so that you
may view the terms and conditions. Please note that we require a four-week notice period in order
to cancel any service.
Standard service: $60 per hour
Emptying trash cans, washine of desks and table surfaces
Wainfield Road
Naples, FL 80031
May 16
Charlotte Perk
54 Ainsbury Drive
Denver, CO 92282
Dear Ms. Perk,
Thank you for your inquiry with regards to wour property I am deligbted to inform nou that mo
Questions 168-171 refer to the following letter.
Sam Evans
Everglade Sparkle
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 173
Test 6
169. What does Mr. Evans indicate about the prices
in the e-mail?
(A) They include applicable tax on the bill.
(B) They are available for a limited time only.
(C) They are lower than that of a rival company.
(D) They are increased during holiday periods.
171. What does Mr. Evans ask Ms. Perk to do?
(A) Make a payment
(B) Fill in a booking form
(C) Complete a tax return
(D) Visit an office
168. What is suggested about Ms. Perk?
(A) She needs to install some new equipment.
(B) She would like to hire some caterers for an
event.
(C) She works for the government.
(D) She wants to have some offices cleaned.
170. What is NOT stated as a service of the
company?
(A) Vacuuming
(B) Clothes washing
(C) Desk cleaning
(D) Waste removal
174
prograiming coment. it was previousiy naned the Hariedle Filn Society Festuvar.
event, now in its 14th year, attracts about 5,000 patrons each year. — [4] -.
Sunday. -[2]-
The theater's owner, Don Gresch, is especially excited about this year's weeklong
classic film festival, scheduled to begin on the first Monday in May. As a result of
popular demand, the festival will once again open with a screening of a fully-restored
version of the epic film Treasure of Kanpur. -[3]-
Starting this year, the festival will be called Classic Cinema Week to better reflect its
COLMOR CITY-The city's historic single-screen Harledic Theater will reopen on
Friday, March 13 after two months of renovation work. The newly-remodeled theater
boasts a larger screen and an all-new digital projection and sound system. Interior
renovations include wider aisles and larger, more comfortable seats. -[1]-
Devoted film fans will be happy to hear that the theater is keeping one of its vintage
movie projectors so that it can continue to screen older films. Twice a month, on
Thursday evenings, the theater also gives the public the rare chance to see films made by
ctudente at Colmor Arte College Ae in the paet foreion filme will be chолсззed every
Questions 172-175 refer to the following press release.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE March 5
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 175
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Test 6
173. When most likely would the theater show
student films?
(A) On Thursdays
(B) On Fridays
(C) On Saturdays
(D) On Sundays
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"To accompany these updates, the
concession stand has been expanded as
well."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
172. What is suggested about the Harledic
Theater?
(A) It is under new management.
(B) It plans to raise its ticket prices.
(C) It had new equipment installed.
(D) It has more than one screen.
174. According to the press release, what was
given a new name?
(A) A feature film
(B) A movie theater
(C) A city street
(D) A film festival
176
Therefore, we have determined that there will no longer be a fee charged for the first silicone
band, and two sizes will be available. Please understand that this is not a way to burden our
members, but rather a plan that will soon become a common practice in all aquatic facilities.
Sincerely,
Wiffle Athletic Club Management
policies, install a security camera system, and increase staffing. We understand that change is
difficult and frustrating. However, it can improve our overall facility and the service we bring
to you.
Now that we've had a full month to test out the policy, we want to respond to your feedback.
It is clear that the overriding issue is the difficulty of wearing the band in any form while lap
swimming. It is also clear that the safety goal will be compromised ifthe band is not used at all
times except in a class setting which includes an instructor with no more than eight students.
Dear Members,
Wiffle Athletic Club
We have received some questions about the new aquatics safety measures that we recently
implemented.
Here is the background for installing these measures. It was recommended by risk
management professionals and inspectors that we initiate more stringent aquatic safety
applies to both our Downtown facility and our Crossroads facility. We hope that it gives
peace of mind to our members and staff as we move forward in serving the larger
community.
Sign up now for the spring racquetball tournament! Winter results are posted on the
Member Bulletin Board near the weightlifting rooms.
Starting on January 5, all guests and members of the Wiffle Athletic Club will be required
to wear wristbands when engaged in aquatic activities.
• Blue wristbands will be worn by adults over the age of 18.
• Yellow wristbands will be worn by children under 5.
• Children ages 5 and over may take a water safety test to wear a blue wristband.
Permanent wristbands may be purchased from the front desk for $5. This new policy
Questions 176-180 refer to the following announcement and letter.
Announcement
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 177
Test 6
178. In the letter, the word "form" in paragraph 3,
line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) style
(B) paper
(C) plan
(D) number
(C) Running
(D) Swimming
177. What is indicated about the Wiffle Athletic
Club?
(A) It has only one location.
(B) Its members can take dance classes.
(C) It holds racquetball tournaments.
pormit obildron to ontor
(C) Those taking a group class
(D) All long-term facility members
180. When most likely was the letter sent?
(A) In December
(B) In January
(C) In February
(D) In March
176. What kind of activity requires wearing a
wristband?
(A) Playing basketball
(B) Weightlifting
179. Who most likely is NOT required to wear
a wristband during a certain activity?
(A) Adults who have passed a test
(B) Children under the age of 5
178
m. we woul you for a 15-minute conversation
with Jessa Flint, our Financial Services Coordinator. Based on your work experience, she is
the person whom you would most likely assist.
I look forward to hearing back from you shortly. Thank you again for your application!
Sincerely,
Rajesh Amir
Volunteer Coordinator
Juniper Community Assistance Center
Date:
Subject:
Dear Mr. Singh,
October 17
Your volunteer application
Thank you for applying to volunteer at the Community Assistance Center. We are very pleased that you are willing to give your time to support our clients in integrating into the community.
Over the next week, we are conducting interviews with volunteers to determine how best to leverage their experience. Please let me know if you are free any day next week between the houre of 10 amond 2
would like to give back to the community. With six years of professional experience as an
accountant, I would be particularly interested in assisting clients with tax forms.
Please return this volunteer application, along with references, in the envelope provided.
To:
From:
Gregory Singh <Gregory.singh@rpoglobal.com>
Rajesh Amir <ramir@communityasst.org>
(Street Address or PO Box) (City) Phone Numbers: 321-555-0182
(Home)
(State) (ZIP)
283-555-0169
(Mobile) E-mail Address: gregory.singh@rpoglobal.com
Volunteering Interests
Tell us about your previous volunteer experience (if any).
I have worked asa volunteer interpreter for the Juniper Medical Center and led a 10-week English
conversation group at the Juniper Public Library.
Why would you like to volunteer at the center?
I received services frem the center when I firat moved to the United States a decade avo and
Center! Our volunteers assist us in providing high-quality services to the thousands of
new residents who come through our doors every year. Please tell us a little bit about yourself by completing this application. Volunteer applications must be received by December 10 to be considered for the session beginning January 15.
Date of Application: October 15
Personal Information
Name: Singh
(Last Name)
Gregory F.
(First Name) (Middle Initial)
Mailing Address: 203 Crescent Blvd Juniper MD 48392
Questions 181-185 refer to the following application and e-mail.
VOLUNTEER APPLICATION
Thank you for your interest in yolunteering for the luniner Community Assistance
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 179
Test 6
183. What does Mr. Amir ask Mr. Singh to do?
(A) Complete an application
(B) Indicate his availability
(C) Translate a document
(D) Submit references
(D) Helping people with tax documents
(C) December 10
(D) January 15
182. What is indicated about Mr. Singh?
(A) He is a physician.
(B) He does not own a mobile phone.
(C) He has never visited the center.
(D) He used to live in another country.
position.
(C) Mr. Amir will fill out a financial form.
(D) Ms. Flint will resign from her position.
185. What most likely is one of the services that
the Financial Services Coordinator offers?
(A) Coordinating expense reimbursement
(B) Overseeing the provision of loans
(C) Proyiding medical insurance advice
181. What is the deadline for submitting a
volunteer application?
(A) October 15
(B) October 17
184. What will most likely happen next week?
(A) Mr. Singh will meet with a center
employee.
(B) Mr. Singh will begin his volunteer
180
TLEM Description cost #S470 Medium-sized decorating kit $25 #S482 Customized vinyl banner with logo - $45 #S493 Silver round party balloons (5 packs) -$70 #S497 Imprinted logo gift bags - $95
Set-up assistance
Event space rental
$100
$655
TOTAL COST (-10% First-Timer Discount): $891
Event Supply Plus-Budget estimate
Prepared by: Vera Paulson, Consultant
For: Barbara Szanto Representing: Ardac Technology
Space rentals
Thanks to our business partnerships, we have four great party rooms for rent:
The Crystal Room at Nolada's Inn (for up to 50 people)
The Grand Room at Loft 116 (50-100 people)-not available in May or October
The Bently Room at the Lanyerd Culture Center (50-100 people)
The McGill Room at the Colbey Convention Center (100-300 people)
- We can help you set up and clean up, and we rent everything from tables to amusement
games.
Event Supply Plus-About Us
Our store
Event Supply Plus has been a destination store for over five decades. We sell party supplies
at low daily prices, and at specially reduced prices to any group holding events to raise
money for charity. To ensure smooth planning, we will gladly extend credit to customers
who do not have the full payment on hand initially.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page, estimate, and customer review.
HOME MENIIS REVIEWS AROIITIS
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 181
)the beniy Ro
(D) In the McGill Room
(B) reach
(C) lengthen
(D) slow down
188. Where most likely did Ardac Technology hold
its staff party?
(A) In the Crystal Room
(B) In the Grand Room
C)n th
parcnps
(A) #S470
(B) #S482
(C) #S493
(D) #S497
Test 6
(B) It provides discounts for fund-raising
events.
(B) She met Ms. Paulson at a previous
company event.
(C) It recently changed ownership.
(D) It has more than one store location.
(C) She requested game rentals from Event
Supply Plus.
187. In the Web page, the word "extend" in
paragraph 1, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) offer
(D) She has won employee recognition
awards.
190. What item did Ms. Szanto most likely NOT
catching that most of the 80 guests in attendance noticed them right away. All in all, our
party was a big success! I will use this company again for our December banquet.
186. What is indicated about Event Supply Plus?
(A) It is now in its fifth year of business.
189. What is suggested about Ms. Szanto?
(A) She received a new customer discount.
Customer review for: Event Supply Plus By: Barbara Szanto Date: May 28
My firm, Ardac Technology, had me plan our May 9 staff party. I'm really happy I tried Event
Supply Plus for the first time - they even handled the space rental and event set-up for us.
I purchased from them a handy decorating kit, along with a banner and gift bags featuring
our company logo. Selecting balloons was a challenge, but they helped me out by sending
out samples In the end I chose a packet of blue star-shaped balloons. They were so eveHOME MENUS REVIEWS ABOUT US
182
I've finally spoken to all the regional managers, and they're on board to work with
me and the vendor on our project. Regarding that, I'd like to suggest that you
enlist Recall-Pac for help. They have a good reputation and are based here in
Delp City near our headquarters.
Regards,
Janice Gorecki
To:
From:
Carl Branson <cbranson@organicmorfoods.com>
Janice Gorecki <jgorecki@organicmorfoods.com>
Date: November 11
Subject: Suggestion
Dear Mr. Branson,
82% of the respondents reported that managing employee documents is time consuming.
74% of the respondents mentioned cost burdens related to staff paperwork management.
This report is divided into three sections: a detailed overview of the client company's business
strategy involving strategic mergers and regional expansions, an in-depth presentation of DBC's
survey findings, and a proposed solution for implementation by management at its Delp City
headquarters.
This document details the results of an inquiry performed by Denovac Business Consultants
(DBC) at the request of Organic-Mor Foods. The goal of the study was to determine whether
the company's personnel records could be streamlined and more effectively managed. It was
carried out via statistical analysis and interviews with relevant personnel. The responses of the
local district supervisors indicate the need for a timely solution, as employee paperwork passes
through their hands on a daily basis. Two key findings were:
Questions 191-195 refer to the following summary, e-mail, and newsletter article.
Responding to paperwork management issues: Summary
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 6 183
(D) He followed Ms. Gorecki's suggestion.
(A) Criteria for choosing executives
(B) Advice for designing shopper surveys
(C) Details about merger deals
(D) Price comparisons for organic foods
193. What is suggested about Mr. Branson?
(A) He has not read the report by the DBC.
(B) He used to be a regional manager.
(C) He is the head of the HRF committee.
(B) important
(C) necessary
(D) substantial
(B) Reduce staffing at certain locations
(C) Relocate their head office
(D) Offer home delivery service
In the newsletter article, the word "significant"
in paragraph 1, line 5, is closest in meaning
to
(A) direct
firms.
(C) They purchase displays for company
stores.
(D) They work directly with personnel
records. 195.
192. What is most likely included in the DBC
report?
Test 6
consulting firm, the company decided to
implement a simple solution to the
191. Why did the DBC speak to district
supervisors?
(A) They design new staff training programs.
(B) They are in charge of hiring consulting
via computer. This has ultimately saved
time and valuable resources.
194. What did the DBC most likely recommend
that Organic-Mor Foods do?
(A) Convert paper documents to electronic
files
associates, Organic-Mor Foods has
become a major natural food retailer.
However, its new store openings have
produced significant amounts of paper
personnel records. Managing this
paperwork has, in turn, increased
operational costs. Based on a
mmendation provided hy its
Realizing that the conversion of paper
documents to electronic files involved
complex decisions, Organic-Mor Foods
management turned to Recall-Pac to
supervise the entire project. Our
specialists helped the company eliminate
its paper personnel documents, and now
its managers can access associates files
A Recall-Pac Solution for a Natural Food Retailer
With nearly 200 stores and 15,000 staff challenge of managing its paper records.
184
Artist awards at the festival. It will be a great opportunity to represent all of
us at Bilesky Design Studio.
Regards,
Dina Fallon, president
Dear Amit,
The DAC has just received our sponsorship donation. For bookkeeping
purposes, please record it as "Arts Festival".
I will submit a digital copy of our company logo to the DAC so they can print
it onto the official event T-shirts. They can accommodate a wide range of logo
styles-our unique font is no problem.
There's more news L accented the DAC's invitation to present the Best Local
E-Mail message
From: Dina Fallon <fallon@bilesky-designstudio.com>
To: Amit Mohile <mohile@bilesky-designstudio.com>
Date: June 23
Subject: Donation
Appearance- An overview of the company will appear in the festival's
48-page souvenir magazine. $1,000
Supporter - The sponsor will receive four vouchers for lifetime
memberships to the Town Art Museum. $500
CONTACT: Lou Kenner, DAC Fund-raising Director at 555-0008
award will cover some of the costs of staging the festival, the DAC still
seeks corporate funding. There are four sponsorship options:
Headline- The company name and logo will be displayed on every page
of the Town Arts Festival Web site, and on all T-shirts sold at the festival.
$5,000
Platinum - The company name and logo will appear on all posters
displayed at the festival. $3,000
Questions 196-200 refer to the following press release, e-mail, and online forum.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE (April 9) -The District Arts Council (DAC) is
gearing up to hold its Town Arts Festival on Saturday, July 7 at Belten City
Park. While entry fees from artists competing for the Best Local Artist
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 6 185
198. What sponsorship option did Bilesky Design
Studio most likely choose?
(A) Headline
(B) Platinum
(C) Appearance
(D) Supporter
(C) It will take place in a city park.
(D) It is free for contestants to enter.
197. In the e-mail, the word "accommodate" in
paragraph 2, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) contain
(B) handle
(C) regulate
(D) lend
event.
(D) It also sponsors local theater festivals.
200. What most likely is true about Ms. Davis?
(A) She wrote an article for a DAС
magazine.
(B) She is an employee at the Town Art
Museum.
(C) She met Ms. Fallon after a ceremony.
(D) She plans to open a poster store.
Submit comments here.
196. What is indicated about the Town Arts
Festival?
(A) It is an annual event.
(B) It will last for two days.
199. What is suggested about the DAC?
(A) It was founded by a local entrepreneur.
(B) It recently organized a cooking contest.
(C) It postponed the starting date of an
Test 6
Forum page recent comments...
"The cooking competition the District Arts Council put together was a fun last-minute
addition to the festival!" - Frank Iorio
"We all had a wonderful time. My art student was a runner-up in the Best Local Artist
contest, and I had a pleasant chat with the award presenter after the prizes were handed out.
- Carla Davis
Rend more.commente here
Welcome to the DAC's Town Arts Festival Web
Our festival was sponsored by Bilesky Design Studio
Last updated: July 10
TEST 7
188
(D) your
104. The full report on the prototype will not be
-------for five days, but a preliminary outline
can be seen on the Web site.
(A) appropriate
(B) available
(C) timely
(D) foilod
108. Imperfect merchandise will be sold at a--
discount to secondhand stores, where it may
be advertised as new.
(A) steepest
(B) steep
(C) steeply
(D) steeped
(C) projection
(D) projects
103. To receive a copy of------- score report,
please submit a request in writing by Friday,
June 11.
(A) yourself
(B) yours
107.
(D) invited
All payment must be made to the financial
aid office by Wednesday to--- your spot in
the course.
(A) exhaust
(B) surround
(C) secure
(C) to leave
(D) be leaving
102. While many home improvement----- are
suitable for do-it-yourselfers, any job
involving electricity is best handled by
professionals.
(A) projector
(B) proiected
106.
(C) As soon as
(D) In line with
The stock market closed yesterday
afternoon, as investors------that consumer
confidence was fading.
(A) worried
(B) adapted
(C) рerformod
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Comments for the store management may
----- at any checkout counter or given
directly to your cashier.
(A) leaving
(B) be left
105. ------ keep up with demand, Ailanthus Design
Co. will be hiring an interior design
professional at the beginning of next year.
(A) Because of
(B) In order to
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
(B) will increase
(C) increased
(D) increases
bulldings.
(A) otherwise
(B) differently
(C) outside
(D) later
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 189
(A) with
(B) except
(C) per
(D) as
114. The adoption of FaverQuick technology--
processing speed at the Farmingham plant
by nearly 9% over the last year.
(A) increasing
Internet start-up companies fail within one
year.
(A) majority
(B) amount
(C) variety
(D) export
120. Easy-care plants such as potted palms can
bring a natural touch to---- sterile office
Test 7
112. Buffalo Aquarium has closed its popular sea
lion habitat to renovate it in keeping with the
Wildlife Council's ----recommendations.
(A) revise
(B) revised
(C) to revise
(D) revises
113. All Elk Club members are entitled to bring
one quest -- month to the fitness center
118. Increased personnel costs have------
caused a hiring freeze in the Broward
Corporation for the second year in a row.
(A) effectively
(B) effectiveness
(C) effective
(D) effects
119. Although media coverage tends to focus on
the success stories of dot-coms the-of
111.
(D) market
---a ten-year absence, Elmore Woodward
will return as CEO of Woodward, Inc., the
company he founded.
(A) After
(B) Versus
(C) Throughout
(D) Along
(D) in case
117. If you would like to-----the harbor by boat,
there are many ferry operators near the
docks.
(A) oppose
(B) draw
(C) refer
(D) tour
(B) wnat
(C) that
(D) where
110. Houses in the Houston metropolitan area
stay on the--for an average of 90 days
before being sold.
(A) transfer
(B) neighborhood
(C) utility
(C) By the ime
(D) No later than
116. The bus pass offers residents a cost-effective
means of transportation,--- it is nonrefundable and non-replaceable in the event
of loss or theft.
(A) provided that
(B) although
(C) indeed
109. Entegech is investing 300 million dollars to
build a wind turbine plant on the south side
docks in Manchester,- it is
headquartered.
(A) why
115.- you receive the fabric samples, it will
be too late to register for a booth at the
Conway Textile Show.
(A) In order that
(B) Consequently
190
125. Employees-- wish to schedule vacation
time must contact Human Resources at least
two weeks before the proposed time off.
(A) who
(B) these
(C) those
(D) which
130. The economic value of hiring an assistant is
disputable, but an extra pair of hands will
improve morale.
(A) assure
(B) assuredly
(C) assurance
(D) assured
124. Hometown athlete Maurice VickersTroy's new community activity center for a
ribbon-cutting ceremony when it opens.
(A) has visited
(B) visited
(C) will visit
(D) had visited
129. The Lakeham Web Design suite offers users
the tools to craft their own high-quality Web
sites and requires only basic-of
computer operations.
(A) know
(B) knowing
(C) knowledge
(D) known
(D) specific
123. The Committee for Preservation must
approve all paint------ for the historic row
houses on Broad Street.
(A) chose
(B) choose
(C) choices
(D) choosing
(D) external
128. Mr. Yi has expressed concern--- Norus,
Inc.'s use of single-serving coffee pods, citing
both environmental and budgetary costs.
(A) regarding
(B) according to
(C) except
(D) throughout
(D) vaned
(C) claiming
(D) late
122. Recent research has suggested that children
do better when offered-- feedback rather
than general praise.
(A) specifically
(B) specifics
(C) snecify
127.
() Tegiste
(D) offering
Reports of structural flaws in the design for
the new bridge convinced the development
committee to seek an------ review from a
third-party.
(A) introductory
(B) insignificant
(C) improner
121. Parthenon Flooring Solutions offers a----
selection of engineered wood flooring as well
as wood-look vinyl laminate at every price
point.
(A) refunded
()uoriod
126. The Universe X, Smart Mobile's new---- in
the smartphone market, is larger and less
portable than its predecessor.
(A) return
(B) portfolio
(C) rogictor
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 191
(D) Please contact us to schedule an
appointment at either location.
(C) vacant
(D) annual
132. (A) family
(B) vision
(C) pets
(D) lawn
(C) will open
(D) have opened
134. (A) The coupon expires at the end of the
month.
(B) This staff will be available only next week.
(C) We appreciate your patience and
understanding with this matter.
We care about your eye health!
Zane Weatherall, M.D.
131. (A) fluent
(B) adjacent
133. (A) to open
(B) were opened
Test 7
Dear Ms. Aramid,
It has been one year since your last eye exam. The Association of Optometrists recommends that all
adults havecheckups, regardless of whether they need correction. Regular visits are crucial to 131.
ensure the health of your Since your last visit, we a new branch at 38 S. Meadow 132. 133.
Street, near your primary residence. We hope you will find that location more convenient when you
see us next. 1243
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following letter.
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
192
(D) is covering
138. (A) deletion
(B) deleted
(C) delete
(D) deletes
135. (A) reproduced
136.
(B) confidential
(C) public
(D) transferable
(A) was covered
(B) will have been covered
(C) is covered
137. (A) It can be done simply by clicking the
"share" icon on the Web site.
(B) The construction project will be discussed
next Thursday.
(C) View the full text of the statute at www.
molinacity.gov/emailprivacy.
(D) Copies of the mentioned attachment are
available at the information desk.
that the distribution of any information in it is strictly prohibited. The information included in this
e-mail--- under city statute 23.5x, section (b). If you have received this in error, please 136. 137.
notify the sender by replying to this message, and-- this e-mail immediately. 138.
Thank you,
Jason Hartmann
Date: July 28
Subject: Q2 Reports
Attachment: report_april; report_may; report_june
Dear Mr. Keane,
This e-mail and its attachments may includeinformation. It may be used only by the person or 135.
entity to which it is addressed. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail, please understand
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
From: jhartmann@molinacity.gov
To: nskeane@molinacity.qov
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 193
(C) will be attended
(D) will be attending
Test
7
(C) first
(D) quarterly
140. (A) Besides
(B) However
(C) Likewise
(D) Finally
(B) Ms. Carter will be using this $10,000
scholarship at Kellerman University.
(C) Ms. Carter will visit the Laura Green
Foundation next Tuesday.
(D) Ms. Carter also teaches sign language at
her local community center.
142. (A) attended
(B) was attending
140.
the top of her high school class, Ms. Carter also spends ten hours a week volunteering with Mobile
Meals, which brings home-cooked meals to underprivileged community members.
There, she-the honors program and majoring in biology. 141. 142.
139. (A) shared
(B) previous
141. (A) Ms. Carter was born and has been living in
Bakersfield for 18 years
Questions 139-142 refer to the following announcement.
Fabrique, Inc., is pleased to announce that Sarah Carter is therecipient of the Laura Green 139.
Corporate Scholarship. This unique scholarship, inaugurated just this year, will be awarded to one
student a vear based on both academic and personal achieyements - holding her position at
194
(D) merchandise technical problem.
(C) So get those bids in early Sunday morning
when the auction starts.
(D) You will have exactly 24 hours to make this
unique domain name yours.
143. (A) skillful
(B) flexible
(C) exclusive
(D) adverse
144. (A) opportunity
(B) aptitude
(C) majority
145. (A) will begin
(B) began
(C) had begun
(D) has begun
146. (A) This great price applies only to previous
domain names.
(B) That bidding was suspended due to a
The auction at 12 noon (GMT) on Sunday, July 7 and end at 12 noon (GMT) on Monday, July 145.
Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks for your time and have a great day! 146. 8.
Regards,
Steve Markson
Subject: Exam.com
Date: Monday, July 5, at 7:17 P.M.
Hi, Mr. Evanson,
My name is Steve Markson and I'm a Domain Name Broker at Names4You.com. I'm delighted to
announce that thedomain name jaredevanson.com is up for sale. You will not want to miss 143.
out on this rare to possess a memorable domain name. 144.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Markson, Steve <smarkson@names4you.com>
To: Evanson, Jared <jaredevanson@gambeli.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 195
(A) A restaurant
(B) An airport (B) It only affects the heat.
(C) A store
(D) A hotel
(A) It is behind the front desk.
(C) It has automatic controls.
(D) It must be reset each morning.
Thank you for your patronage! The Grand is dedicated to
providing excellent customer service. Please contact the front
desk if anything about your stay is less than exceptional.
147. What most likely is The Grand? 148. What is indicated about the thermostat?
Test 7
We will change your linens every morning during your stay. If
you wish for your linens to be changed more frequently, please
leave this card on the bed.
The thermostat will sense when you are away and switch off
the heater or air conditioning. Please press the green button
before leaving if you would like it to stay on.
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Heln us conserve energy and water!
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
196
149. What activity is mentioned in the
advertisement?
(A) Exploring a city
(B) Seeing a nonfiction film
(C) Listening to a speech
(D) Eating special foop
150. What is suggested about the Laketown Toy
Expo?
(A) It is held every other year.
(B) It is open to only industry professionals.
(C) It is free for children.
(D) It begins on a Saturday.
• Explore a display of vintage toys from the Laketown County Museum as well as
private collectors
The event is open to the public all day on Sunday, June 28. Adults $7; children $4.
Your ticket purchase buys you a ticket to a raffle for a $100 gift certificate to
Alphabet City, your local source for high-quality children's toys and clothing.
For more information, please visit our Web site, www.laketowntoyexpo.com.
The Laketown Toy Expo will be held from 9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M. on June 27-28, at the
Laketown Convention Center at 1145 Center Street. This yearly event for industry
professionals is one of Laketown's biggest draws!
• Watch a documentary on the history of children's toys
•See and try out the newest trends in electronic toys
•Talk directly with representatives from all the major toy companies as well as
independent developers
Questions 149-150 refer to the following advertisement.
14th Annual Laketown Toy Expо
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 197
(A) A professional athlete
(B) A store owner
(C) A potential customer
(D) A local politician
(A) She manages Sweet Life Bakery & Dell.
(B) She holds office in the Swinton Club.
(C) She will organize a river cleanup.
(D) She is responsible for handling
reservations.
Test 7
Reserve your space by e-mailing Julie Walker at j.walker@swintonclub.com
by Monday, February 23. If you have some business proposals, please
e-mail Vice President Molly Fields at m.fields@swintonclub.com.
151. Who most likely would be receiving this
inuitotion2
152. What is suggested about Molly Fields?
The Swinton Club of Western Pennsylvania cordially invites you to a Meetand-Greet event for local business owners. Come out and get to know your
neighbors! Attendees will also have the chance to learn more about the
Swinton Club and how to become involved in our upcoming service projects
like last weekend's river cleanup.
Date: Friday, February 27
Time: 5:30-7:30 p.m.
Location: Sweet Life Bakery & Deli, 431 Main St., Springfield
Questions 151-152 refer to the following invitation.
YOU'RE INVITED!
198
(C) To revise a contract
(D) To propose an agenda
154. What is suggested about Mr. Gunther?
(A) He would like to create a board game.
(B) He is employed by Board Games
Unlimited.
(C) He has met Ms. Guo before.
(D) He will travel to China soon.
products.
(B) They produce accessories in-house.
(C) They print and package board games.
(D) TheirWeb site contains examples of their
work.
Tel: +86 55 51696158
Fax: +86 55 51696156
susan.guo@boardgamesunItd.com
153. What is the primary purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To introduce a company
(B) To finalize an agreement
155. What is NOT true about Board Games
Unlimited?
(A) They have made award-winning
agameзuna.
Please let me know when you would like to schedule a phone call to discuss your needs
in more detail.
Best Regards,
Susan Guo
Board Games Unlimited
Add: Rm. 802-804, 1500 Nong Zhongshan 6 Road
Guangzhou, Guangdong, 102108, PR China
Mob: +86 555 1609 4291
We are a board game manufacturer based in Guangzhou, China with over a decade of
experience in printing and packaging board games for a range of companies. All the
printing and assembly is done in-house, and you can rely on our sourcing team to find for
you the highest-quality accessories, including cards, dice, coins, and customized parts in
any material you desire. Our high-quality games have earned numerous accolades and
awards, including the prestigious Panzac Medal.
We are committed to crafting a proposal that offers you the most attractive combination
of quality and cost, enabling you to launch your game within any budget you set.
You can see samples of some of our games at our WWeb site wowow boardgamesunitd com
Re: Your questions
Date: May 13
Dear Mr. Gunther,
Greetings! I'm reaching out to follow up on the information you filled out in the contact
form on our Web site and to familiarize you with our company.
About Us:
Questions 153-155 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message
To: Thomas Gunther <thomas_gunther@gmsmail.com>
From: Susan Guo <susan.guo@boardgamesunltd.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 199
156. What does Ms. Cirillo offer to do?
(A) Sign for a delivery
(B) Move some desks
(C) Proofread a report
(D) Lead a facility tour
157. At 9:46 A.M., what does Ms. Cirillo most likely
mean when she writes, "There are two
supply closets"?
(A) A department ordered too many supplies.
(B) She will clean out a storage area.
(C) She needs additional clarification.
(D) There is enough space for some items.
Probably. I'll look into it. For now, I'm here at the desk. I'lllet
you know when the shipment arrives.
Send
Beth Cirillo [9:46 A.м.]
Oh? There are two supply closets.
Jeff Munoz [9:47 A.м.]
It's the one the data analysis team uses. Maybe the parts are
for recycling?
Beth Cirillo [9:48 A.м.]
Test 7
do
training manuals now.
Beth Cirillo [9:44 A.Mм.]
Great. I'llstay up here in the reception area and sign for them.
Jeff Munoz [9:45 A.M.]
Thank you. Just one more thing. There's a bin full of old
computer parts in the supply closet. Know anything about that?
Jeff Munoz [9:42 A.м.]
Hi, Beth. Are you still in the research room?
Beth Cirillo [9:43 A.м.]
I'm back at the desk now. Do you need any files from there?
Jeff Munoz [9:44 A.м.]
Mo but tho print chop iust called to say thex're delivering our
Questions 156-157 refer to the following text-message chain.
200
(A) They should have managerial
experience.
(B) They must have foreign language ability.
(C) They have to apply before July 28.
(D) They may be interviewed by phone.
158. What is indicated about Mr. You?
(A) He started a software firm.
(B) He received a master's degree.
(C) He has no training in accounting.
(D) He advertised in the Silver Springs Daily
News.
159. What is implied about candidates for the
offered position?
160. What does Mr. You include with his letter?
(A) A résumé
(B) A writing sample
(C) A copy of a certificate
(D) A letter of reference
you for your attention and I look forward to hearing back from you soon.
Sincerely,
Min You
Min You
being a CPA for more than z2U years, I have extensive experience as a small business
software consultant. Recently, I returned to school and completed my Master of
Science in Software Engineering at the University of Silver Springs. Although I do
not have the management experience indicated in the advertisement, I believe I have
the right combination of training and experience to fulfill the requirements ofthis
position and would look forward to assuming a managerial role.
Attached, please find my current résumé and a list of people to contact for references.
If you require any additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me. Thank
BH Accounting Software, Inc.
42 Main St.
Silver Springs, CO
Dear Mr. Wiley,
I am writing to express my strong interest in the position of Certified Public
Accountant, as advertised in the Silver Springs Daily News on July 28. In addition to
Questions 158-160 refer to the following letter.
August 3
Mr. David Wiley
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 201
(D) In a public library (A) [1]
162. What is mentioned about Mr. Zinner? (B) [2]
(C) [3] (A) He has a degree in psychology. (D) [4] (B) He used to own a restaurant.
(C) He has written for magazines.
(D) He will hire interns for his business.
161. Where would the notice most likely appear?
(A) In a cooking academy's building
(B) In a market research firm's office
(C) In a conference center
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This, in turn, will help you increase profits."
Test 7
events.com. An expert in consumer research for food products, Mr.
Zinner currently serves as a consultant for the restaurant industry.
-[2]-. He will soon publish a book about consumer psychology, and he
regularly contributes articles to trade magazines. In his workshop, he will
explain how to reach your target consumers and make better marketing
choices. -[3]-. It promises to be a worthwhile evening. The workshop
will be held in meeting room A, located at the end of this hallway. -[4]-
Register now for Monday's Business Help workshop
Here at the Edens City Free Library (ECFL), we are proud to offer free
public workshops aimed at helping new businesses. We still have spaces
available for George Zinner's workshop, Consumer Research: How It
Works, to be held Monday, August 29 from 7 P.M. to 9 P.м. -[1]-. You
may register at the circulation desk or via our Web site at www.edensQuestions 161-163 refer to the following notice.
707
(B) In a hatiónal newspaper
(C) On a job-seeking Web site
(D) In an employee handbook
165. According to the article, what should readers
do?
(A) Wake up early in the morning
(B) Keep track of their work hours
(C) Engage in exercise regularly
(D) Turn off devices before sleening
(A) Better sleep
(B) Improved focus
(C) Better relationships
(D) Increased productivity
167. What is listed as a good leisure activity?
(A) Reading
(B) Taking a nap
(C) Housekeeping
(D) Going for a biko
possible, wait an hour before checking e-mail to give yourself time to complete your
to-do list.
Quit each day at a specific time and do no more work. Studies prove that employees who
take dedicated periods of rest are actually more productive than those who do not.
164. Where would the article most likely appear?
(A) In a university textbook
166. What is NOT mentioned as a benefit of
following the article's advice?
your alcmoll toMRID a lask at
requires sustained periods of focus. If you are at home, spend that time on a restorative
leisure activity like browsing through books or magazines. This time will improve your
focus.
• Shut off your phone an hour before bedtime, or at least set your e-mail program to stop
checking messages. Receiving an urgent e-mail right before bedtime can disrupt your
sleep and make it harder to perform at work the next day.
• Do your most difficult work in the morning, before the day's distractions begin. If
productivity suites in their pockets. Constantly connected to the office, we feel as though we
should constantly be working, updating spreadsheets late into the night, and answering
e-mails early in the morning. While this constant productivity might be good for a company's
bottom line, it's not great for workers-and in the long run, not great for companies.
How can Mevaprox workers resist the pull of the smartphone? By coming up with rules to
help them manage the constant flow of information. Here are a few suggestions:
이
Set specific periods during the day when you don't check e-mail, social networks, or text
messages If you are at work during these periods turn wour attention toward a tock thot
Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
Managing Your Time at Mevaprox
With the rising ubiquity of smartphones, most workers are walking around with powerful
(D) HOlding a puze
(C) Meet with Ms. Tatum
(D) Contact the IT team
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 203
(B) A marketing manager
(C) An interior designer
(D) An accounting director
169. What does Ms. Hovland suggest?
(A) Lowering a product's price
(B) Redesigning a package
(C) Conducting more surveys
(A) She is uncertain about a survey procedure.
(B) She is surprised with some survey results.
(C) She thinks some data must be incorrect.
(D) She wants to hear about other types of
feedback.
171. What will Mr. Nolan probably do next?
(A) Lead a focus group meeting
(R) WMrite release
Jeff Nolan [2:57 P.м.] Sure thing. I'll see you shortly.
SEND
168. Who most likely is Ms. Tatum?
(A) A product developer
170. At 2:54 P.M., what does Ms. Tatum most likely
mean when she writes, "Is that right"?
Jeff Nolan [2:53 P.м.] No, in fact - here's some random feedback from the children.
"This toy is fun to play with"-92% agreed. "I want this toy"-
91% agreed. Most of the numbers were like that.
Laura Tatum [2:54 P.м.] Oh! Is that right? Far better than expected!
Donna Hovland [2:55 P.м.] Good to hear indeed. OK, I'm out for now.
Laura Tatum [2:56 P.м.] Talk later, Donna. Jeff? Can I visit you in your office now? I'd
like to review the paper surveys before our team meeting.
Test 7
is thin, so it's hard to store the toy's pieces." This came mainly
from parents.
Laura Tatum [2:49 P.м.]
Donna Hovland [2:50 P.м.]
That could be an issue. What do you think?
As a marketing manager, I'd agree that better packaging would
boost the brand's image. Could we change the package
design?
Laura Tatum [2:51 P.M.] Probably. Shylesh's team can handle that. Any other issues?
Jeff Nolan [2:44 P.м.] It's here. We finally got the survey data for our construction toy
set.
Donna Hovland [2:45 P.M.] From the focus groups? Great. Laura, our senior designer on
the product development team, is eager to get those results. I'll
add her to the chat.
Laura Tatum [2:46 P.м.] Yes, the surveys! First things first - any negative feedback?
Jeff Nolan [2:47 P.M.] There was one recurring comment-"The cardboard package
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Π
204
bar, and a tray service that lets customers eat at tables inside the store.
"This concept represents our staff's pioneering spirit," said Dalesatt
Ltd.'s project director Emily Wang. "The new store is the fulfillment of
our vision."
earned via an employee satistaction survey, while twenty percent is
based on workplace policies and management philosophies. - [3]—
As of now, most area companies take part in the assessment program;a
few small firms do not yet participate.
In its report, the Top Companies Group praised Dalesatt Ltd. for "acting
on" its employees' ideas. Partly based on feedback from its own staff,
the retailer unveiled a new concept at its recently-opened Branden Road
location, - [4] - The store features hot and cold sandwiches a salad
located across the area. The shops offer a wide selection of natural
foods, including a line of healthy packaged snacks marketed under the
"Dalesatt" brand.
The Great Workplaces awards program was designed by the Top
Companies Group, a major publisher of business magazines.-[2]-
To get the recognition, participating companies go through a two-part
evaluation process. Eighty percent of a company's "greatness" score is
MELLVIEW-A local supermarket chain, Dalesatt Ltd., has once
again been recognized as a great place to work.
The company has been ranked number three on this year's list of Great
Workplaces, up two places from last year. It is the third consecutive year
that it appeared on the list. -[1]-.
Headquartered in Mellview, Dalesatt Ltd. operates 107 supermarkets
Questions 172-175 refer to the following article.
City News December 22
Grocery retailer named on Great Workplaces list
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 205
Test 7
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(D) It plans to relocate its headquarters.
173. What is suggested about the Great
Workplaces program?
(A) Its awards are given out once a quarter.
(B) It is sponsored by a retail store chain.
(C) Loyalty card programs
(D) Uniforms for its staff
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
(C) Cash prizes are awarded to top firms.
(D) Participation in it is voluntary.
"The combined scores determined the final
rankings."
172. What most likely is true about Dalesatt Ltd.?
(A) It is more than 100 years old.
(B) It sells its own line of snack foods.
(C) It recently redesigned its logo.
174. According to the article, what new feature did
Dalesatt Ltd. recently introduce?
(A) In-store dining options
(B) Home delivery services
206
furnished apartment. Also, like you mentioned, they are happy with the apartment location.
Your services have been invaluable to the Bradley family and Hoult Union Financial.
Also, I want to express my gratitude for the compensation I received.
Thank you for your assistance.
Sincerely,
April Hoffman
Mary Rafferty
Relocation Now
22 Redvine Street
Brookfield, MS 30457
Dear Ms. Rafferty,
I am very pleased to hear about the successful relocation of the Bradley family to Kowloon. They informed us they are pleased with the apartment provided. esnecially the fully
If you have any questions, please reply to this e-mail or call my office number directly so I
may assist you.
Sincerely,
Mary Rafferty
Relocation Now
Office: (202) 555-0189
June 8
the process of moving to a new country step by step. It also lists the documents to be
filled out, which include a relocation application form, and contains a link to an online visa
application. Please forward these along with my contact information to Mr. Bradley. He
can inform us of any other requirements his family may have, such as amenities or public
transportation. Additionally, please let me know if the family is willing to move to Kowloon.
Our apartments there are very close to some prestigious foreign schools. They would be satisfied with the location.
If Mr. Bradley is covering some of the costs of the relocation, we will need his billing information and a billing address for his company, Hoult Union Financial. In addition, in the case of successful relocation, we provide a generous finder's fee to the suggesting party.
Date: May 5
Subject: Relocation inquiry
Dear Ms. Hoffman,
Our company, Relocation Now, has received your request for further information regarding relocation services. My name is Mary Rafferty, and I will be assisting you with this matter.
We would be more than happy to assist with the relocation to Hong Kong of Jonathan Bradley, his wife, and two teenage children. I have attached a simple quide that explains
Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and letter.
E-Mail message
To: April Hoffman <a.hoffman@houltunionfinancial.com>
From: Mary Rafferty <maryrafferty33@rel-now.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 207
Test 7
forwarded to Mr. Bradley?
(A) Some forms
(B) AWeb page address
(C) Contact information
(D) A list of prices
177. What is indicated about Mr. Bradley?
(A) He works for Hoult Union Financial.
(B) He can speak Chinese.
(C) He was born in Hong Kong.
(D) He paid in advance for a service.
178. According to the e-mail, what will NOT be
(D) They do not own a car.
180. What does the Bradley family like most about
their new living space?
(A) It was built recently.
(B) It came with furniture.
(C) It spans two floors.
(D) It has many windows.
176. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To report a delay
(B) To recruit an employee
(C) To answer an inquiry
(D) To request assistance
179. What is most likely is true about the Bradley
family?
(A) They have lived in Hong Kong before.
(B) They want to live near a good school.
(C) They prefer to live in a house.
208
all bicycle riders 11 years or older to ride in the street.
3. Three design firms presented proposals for the empty school building on Catoga
St. Proposals will be posted in the town hall lobby for three weeks, after which
community will vote on them.
4. Council approved closing Main Street between Chestnut and Maple Streets on
Friday, October 3 between 6:30 P.M. and 9:30 P.M. for the Lights of Autumn lantern
festival.
Meeting dismissed at 8:15 P.м.
discussed and several changes proposed. Treasurer agreed to revise budget. A
special meeting was scheduled for July 27 for review.
Meeting dismissed at 7:10 P.M.
Open Session
Meeting called to order at 7:30 P.м.
1. Minutes approved.
2. Bill Brady requested an update on the status of the sidewalk replacement in the
Falls River neighborhood. Council agreed to publish updates on the Web site.
Henrietta Samuels registered an obiection to the proposed bill that would require
City Council Minutes
Date: June 14
Members Present: Ted Lunst, Carrie Honigbaum, Phil Preston, George Masters
Executive Session
Meeting called to order at 6:30 P.м.
1. Approval of minutes. Minutes approved with corrections. Abstention: Phil Preston
2. Budget discussion. City treasurer presented a budget draft. Budget was
Each meeting will begin with a comment portion, during which community members are asked
to speak for no more than five minutes.
Each meeting's agenda will be posted on this Web site and published in the Clover Street Herald
on the Sunday prior to the meeting.
City Council Minutes
The city council convenes on the first and third Tuesday of each month. All meetings are held at
the town hall on 93 E. Clover St.
Meetings begin at 6:30 P.M. with an executive committee session that is not open to the public.
However, minutes of the executive session will be made available after the meeting.
Doors will open to the community at 7:15, and the meeting will be called to order at 7:30 P.M.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following Web page and minutes.
http://www.marblerock.city.gov/council
Marblo Rook Cit Counoil Mootinag
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 209
(A) The corrected minutes
(B) A revised budget
(C) Proposals for an empty building
(D) A plan to shut down a street
182. In the Web page, the word "portion" in
paragraph 3, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) helping
(B) period
(C) ration
(D) share
183. What will be discussed at a special meeting
of the executive committee?
(A) For a vote
(B) For a concert
(C) For construction
(D) For an event
181. When should a member of the executive
committee arrive?
(A) By 6:30 Р.м.
(B) By 7:15 P.м.
(C) By 7:30 Р.м.
(D) By 8:00 Р.м.
184. Who most likely is Bill Brady?
(A) An employee of a design firm
(B) A member of the executive committee
(C) The city treasurer
(D) A resident of Marble Rock
185. Why will a street be closed?
210
Dena,
Most of our Junior Grocers customers are unaware of the plastic bag policy that will
affect our store in November. We need to put up notices in the store as well as on our
Web site to give our customers plenty of time to prepare for the changes. So I'd like you
to write a draft and send it to me by Friday. Thanks.
Ray
To:
From:
Delia Ortiz <dortiz@jrgrocers.com>
Ray Hu <rhu@jrgrocers.com>
Subject: Ordinance 1456 Notice
Date: October 9
an pig
No. Stores that sell produce will continue to use only small plastic bags to hold fruits and
vegetables for sanitary reasons. The bags must be no larger than 12 in. x 12 in. in size.
What are some alternatives to plastic bags?
Plastic bags are made from non-renewable resources and are extremely difficult to recycle.
So residents are encouraged to use reusable bags or paper bags made from recyclable
materials. Both will be widely available in stores all around the city.
What is Ordinance 1456?
Ordinance 1456 bans single-use carry-out plastic bags distributed at designated Porter
Heights retail establishments to customers starting on November 1.
Which businesses are affected?
Retail establishments, such as supermarkets, convenience stores, and pharmacies, which
generate more than $2 million in yearly sales are required to follow Ordinance 1456.
Aroallplactic hagr hannod?
Questions 186-190 refer to the following information, e-mail, and article.
Frequently Asked Questions
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 211
(D) To notify of a Web site update
(A) It operates offline and online stores.
(B) It does not meet a city building standard.
(C) It has annual sales of over $2 million.
(D) It accumulates too much organic waste.
188. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To provide writing feedback
(B) To give an assignment
(C) To announce a renoyation proiect
(A) It uses some plastic bags.
(B) It schedules a weekly waste pick-up.
(C) It started selling reusable bags in
October.
(D) It held a sale to boost its revenue.
186. What is the information about?
(A) The construction of a waste center
(B) The rise of some food prices
(C) The formation of a city council
(D) The prohibition of some items
187. Why most likely is Junior Grocers adopting a
new policy in November?
189. In the article, the word "certain" in paragraph
2, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) positive
(B) confident
(C) specific
(D) secure
190. What is suggested about Junior Grocers?
Test 7
businesses that generate a certain amount of
organic waste to arrange for a special pickup from the city's recycling services. The
PHCC stated it has already seen a decrease
in organic waste, which currently accounts
Grocers.
The PHCC announced it will release official
data about the impact of the laws later this
year.
Heights City Council (PHCC) has deemed it
a success. "People have shown they
prioritize the environment and have
committed themselves to making our city
greener," said Pedro Armstrong, President of
the PHCС.
One new regulation was a requirement for
banning plastic bags at particular retail
stores around the city. Junior Grocers, the
largest market in town known for its fresh
fruits and vegetables, has not experienced
any negative changes due to the law. "We
haven't seen a drop in sales or decrease in
customers. Most people have adapted fairly
quickly," said a representative from Junior
Porter Heights-It has been a couple of
months since new citywide recycling laws
have been implemented, and the Porter
for nearly a third of the wastes in landfills.
Another big change was the new law
212
everyonea detailed description of the event tonight. Although
it's an optional activity, please encourage everyone to join us
for this event. If we have more than twenty hikers sign up,
Hutchings Pharmaceuticals will qualify for a special group
hike geared towards big groups with two private guides.
Please send me a list of participants by 28 April.
To: Department Managers
From: Portia Woodard
Subject: Annual Trip
Date: 14 April
For Hutchings Pharmaceuticals' annual hiking trip, we will
head to Gosilco National Park on 18 May. I will e-mail
Daisy Lane: mis intermedlate trall Will take hikersthrough Dalsy Forest. It is the only place
in Gosilco people can catch a glimpse of the rare Jane Bird. The trail can be hiked alone or
with a guide.
MEMO
Lake Pep Way: Take a leisurely walk around Lake Pep. The 2-kilometer loop is smooth
and flat. It has many entrances and exits so people are not required to start and finish at
one point.
Carby Hill: This self-guided trail will start at the bottom of Carby Hill and end at the top of
the hill, where there are stunning views of Lake Pep. Hikers should wear hiking boots for
this uphill 5-kilometer track. The Carby Hill trail is only available during peak season.
Gosilco National Park has a range of trails to choose from. There are easy to difficult, selfguided to guided, and half-day to two-day trails. All visitors participating in multi-day hikes
are required to book campsite accommodations before they start their hikes. All our trails
may be closed without prior notice due to weather conditions.
Sylvan Trail: This walk is the perfect way to see Gosilco's natural beauty. This trek takes
hikers through a forest, by a river, and ends at Sylvan Waterfall. Only guided tours
allowed on this two-day hike.
are
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web page, memo, and review.
www.gosilconationalpark.gov/hikingtrails
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 7 213
(B) go
(C) think
(D) increase
(A) The recommended gear (C) On Carby Hill
(B) The trail's length
(C) The tour group size
(D) The hiker's view
193. In the memo, the word "head" in paragraph 1,
line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) control
(D) On Daisy Lane
(A) It has overnight campsites.
(B) It closes during the winter months.
(C) It conducts research on endangered
species.
(D) Visitors must register to hike on the trails.
192. What information is NOT given about the
Carby Hill trail?
(A) It took four hours to complete.
(B) It was a mandatory company event.
(C) It took place during peak season.
(D) It had more than 20 participants.
195. Where did Ms. Campos most likely hike?
(A) On Sylvan Trail
(B) On Lake Pep Way
Test 7
hike. Our guides, Ken and Laura, pointed out native plants and explained the geology of the
land. We were even lucky enough to see two Jane Birds! I highly recommend making a trip
out to Gosilco!
191. What is indicated about Gosilco National
Park?
194. What is most likely true about Hutchings
Pharmaceuticals' hiking trip?
Reviewed by: Juliet Campos
Date: 21 May
I visited Gosilco National Park with my Hutchings Pharmaceuticals coworkers a few days ago
and had a wonderful time. Since there were so many of us, we participated in a special group
www.gosilconationalpark.gov/hikingtrails
HOME MENUS REVIEWS LOCATIONS
214
Please let me know what you think.
Regards,
Elizabeth
erated projects. so I thought of a new way to advertise our products and draw
more people to our Web site.
We should create a new section on our Web site called Marnie's Corner where our
staff will post articles to help customers complete various projects. It will be about
installation, decoration, organization, and more. All the items that are featured in
the article will be available to purchase on our White Rock Barrel Web site. For
example, we can explain how to paint a room and have links to the various paint
cans and brushes we have in stock.
Subject: Marnie's Corner
Date: October 6
Dear Patrick,
Last month, we received an e-mail from a White Rock Barrel customer asking for
help with storage solutions for his home office. He made me realize that he is
probably not the only one who struggles and we should assist everyone with homerolat
and I would really appreciate some tips on how to pick the right products. Thanks.
Regards,
Joseph Drey
To:
From:
Patrick Nguyen <pnguyen@wrbarrel.com>
Flizabeth Geller egeller@wwrbarrel.coml
Subject: Inquiry
Date: September 19
Dear White Rock Barrel staff,
I need to buy some storage units to organize the clutter in my home office. So I looked
through all your products online, but I found it a little overwhelming. Which product is
best for organizing small items such as pens and staplers? What are some ways to file old
documents that are only needed for reference? Finding the right storage solution is tough
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mails and Web page.
To: inquiries@wrbarrel.com
From: jdrey@jrmail.com
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 7 215
Nguyen?
(A) To arrange a product demonstration
(B) To notify of a completed task
(C) To suggest a new idea
(D) To respond to a complaint
Test 7
197. What is implied about Mr. Drey?
(A) He has ordered products from White
Rock Barrel previously.
(B) He works at an office supply company.
(C) He will install some curtains in his home.
(D) He inspired the creation of Marnie's
Corner.
198. Why did Ms. Geller write the e-mail to Mr.
Alunuont
200. What is true about White Rock Barrel?
(A) It publishes a catalog.
(B) It raised its prices.
(C) It opened in October.
(D) It sells curtains online.
196. In the first e-mail, the word "tips" in paragraph
1, line 5, is closest in meaning to
(A) edges
(B) advice
(C) money
(D) problems
199. According to the second e-mail, what will the
articles in Marnie's Corner be about?
(A) How to accomplish a task
(B) Benefits of a home office
(C) Life of an interior designer
(D) The history of drapes
First, the curtain rod should be hung about 4 to 6 inches above the window
frame. Also have the curtain rod extend 3 to 5 inches beyond both sides of the
window. By doing this, your window will look bigger and the room will look
taller.
To check out our curtains in a variety of different colors and textures, click here.
To see our different types of curtain rods, click here.
Hanging Curtains
Marnie's Corner
Hanging curtains has never been easier. Just follow our simple steps.
218
104. Cross Country Airlines----- a $25 fee for
each checked bag, with an extra $5 for any
bags over 70 pounds.
(A) instituted
(B) patterned
(C) occupied
(D) motivated
108. Mr. Ishida ------- his findings to the board at
the biannual meeting in September.
(A) collaborated
(B) announced
(C) imposed
(D) summoned
D) Will be leaving
103. If the VIP seats in the front row are already
occupied, some valued guests may have to
sit ---.
(A) otherwise
(B) instead
(C) elsewhere
(D) even
107. Fluctuating fuel prices make it challenging to
set appropriate shipping--for our
products.
(A) rates
(B) plants
(C) interests
(D) evaluations
(C) out
(D) at
102. Dr. Choi is adding a new ----to his staff, in
an attempt to cut down on waiting times.
(A) postponement
(B) calculation
(C) technician
(C) exception
(D) except
106. The last train to Laketown-------from the city
center at 11:17 P.м. yesterday.
(A) left
(B) leaves
(C) is leaving
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. The modern art exhibit------- the Kennedy
Museum closes next weekend.
(A) against
(B) next
105. Clark Catering has provided ------- food
services to the local community for 25 years.
(A) exceptionally
(B) exceptional
airections are given for each part. You are éncouraged to answer as many questions as possible within the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
(D) As if
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 219
114. This year's Worldwide Tech Summit,
featuring talks from leaders in the defense
technology field, will begin-at 12 P.м.
(A) prompt
(B) prompter
(C) promptness
(D) promptly
(D) who
120.---- the electricians are coming this
morning to fix a switch in the lobby, the
receptionist is working in the conference
room.
(A) Including
(B) Since
(C) However
113. Mr. Henderson's previous accounting
experience will make him a-- new
member of the team.
(A) value
(B) values
(C) valuing
(D) valuable
(D) reason
The marketing director, Ms. Park, launched a
new social media campaign--- nearly
tripled online engagement.
(A) where
(B) what
(C) that
119.
Test 8
(D) Then (C) build
112. Subscribers can purchase------- tickets for
the opening night gala online or at the box
office located at 132 Main Street.
(A) situated
(B) priority
(C) expired
(D) cheerful
(D) built
118. Buyers can drive off the lot happy with West
Norwich Cars'financing and
competitive prices.
(A) reasons
(B) reasoning
(C) reasonable
111.
(C) due to
(D) since
----the sales team set a quarterly record,
all of its members earned abonus.
(A) When
(B) Neither
(C) Whether
(C) continuously
(D) absolutely
117. Notwithstanding some misgivings among the
community, the east end of Cherry Street has
been rezoned to allow commercial -
(A) builder
(B) buildings
(B) rather
(C) forward
(D) quickly
110. Ms. Parkinson will not be able to attend the
managers' meeting on Thursday -- a
medical appointment.
(A) if
(B) hecause
(B) retailers
(C) retailed
(D) retail
116. The Roland World amusement park operates
----, opening for the year in May and
closing in September.
(A) seasonally
(B) potentially
109. Managers should write annual reviews
so that all employees may receive prompt
feedback.
(A) never
115. Feston and Sons stationery goods are
available at select-----for 25% off this
weekend only.
(A) retailing
220
(D) settles
125. Kenneth Page, the head of the product
development department, is on vacation, but
he can answer ------- questions by e-mail.
(A) unequal
(B) relaxed
(C) resolved
(D) urgent
)o( niscal
(D) reconciled
130. HyView's newest entry into the curvedscreen monitor field------- a high-definition,
70-inch display.
(A) boasts
(B) aims
(C) locates
124. Mr. Zhu has a busy schedule, so all
appointments and inquiries must be---
through his assistant.
(A) route
(B) routing
(C) router
(D) routed
(D) crucial
129. We have------- your application for the sales
associate position at Unwired Electronics and
would like to invite you to interview with us
next week.
(A) entreated
(B) reviewed
(C) diccordod
(D) will be joining
123. Although the sales -------needs a new
director, the human resources manager has
not yet filled the job opening.
(A) illustration
(B) introduction
(C) department
(D) difference
(D) completely
128. The rapid speed at which technology
becomes ---makes it even more important
to find a cost-effective way to recycle
outdated electronic devices.
(A) immediate
(B) obsolete
(C) separate
(C) regulator
(D) regulates
122. Ms. Gomez-------the finance team next
month after spending nine years as a senior
analyst at Willoughby Financials in London.
(A) joined
(B) will be joined
(C) was joining
(C) into
(D) of
127. Local businesses raised so much money for
the city park fund that the garden can be
--- maintained for the next three years.
(A) complete
(B) completes
(C) completing
121. Due to county noise-, outdoor concerts
at Cold Creek Pavilion must end by 10:00
P.M.
(A) regulate
(B) regulations
126. When Mr. Jeffries moves-----the east
office, there will be room for all of the
accountants to work on the same floor.
(A) during
(B) without
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 221
(B) Onl
(C) But
(D) If
pizes
(B) Thank you for 15 years of patronage.
(C) These towels may be rented for a small
fee.
(D) Visit us soon to try out this equipment.
131. (A) will be shutting
(B) will have shut
(C) was shutting
(D) shuts
132. (A) Among
133. (A) transferred
(B) transferable
(C) transferring
(D) transfers
134. (A) Those who reach their goals receive
עח
Test
8
March, please contact our front desk about your membership to the Route 7 branch. 133.
134.
Sincerely,
Bob Jackson, Owner
Dear Customers,
After 15 years of serving the Greendale community, we are sorry to announce that the Maple Street
location of Fitness Unlimited-- its doors. Our last day of operations will be next Friday, March 31. 131.
We have enjoyed sponsoring local events, such as the Big Spring 10k, and helping our community
meet fitness goals.you are storing any personal belongings in the lockers on our premises, 132.
ploaee remove them by Thursday March 30 Ifyou have paid for a membershin beyond the end of
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following letter.
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
222
136. (A) successfully
(B) accidentally
(C) extremely
(D) rarely
138. (A) This is why I hope to enter a new field.
(B) These files must be organized by date.
(C) It describes my achievements in more
detail.
(D) She has been my supervisor during this
time.
Krishna Gupta
135. (A) as long as
(B) because
(C) wherever
(D) unless
137. (A) whichever
(B) those
(C) which
(D) whose
136.
ordered supplies, and maintained files. I have also corresponded with clients,- needs I have 137.
met accurately and swiftly.
I have attached my résumé to this e-mail. Thank you for your consideration, and I hope to 138.
hear from you soon.
Sincerely
Subject: Administrative assistant application
Date: April 14
Dear Hiring Manager,
It is with great enthusiasm that I submit my application for the position of administrative assistant at
Allen, Ford, and Associates. I think that I would be an excellent fit for it--I have spent the last six 135.
years working in similar positions, In these roles. I have-----supported daily office functions
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Krishna Gupta
To: <hr@allenford.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 223
Test 8
parking lines. (B) grounds
(B) The parking office was established by
management.
(C) pantries
(D) stations
(C) We hope to have the shuttle repaired by
Saturday.
(D) For example, security cameras were
installed.
139. (A) repave
(B) to repave
(C) repaving
(D) repaved
141. (A) revised
(B) opposing
(C) serious
(D) additional
140. (A) Crews will also fix potholes and repaint 142. (A) offices
On Saturday, June 3, parking area 1B will be closed for Pass holders to the 1B parking 139. 140.
area may park in lots 2A or 2B on Saturday instead and take one of the provided shuttles to the
main building. If parking in one of these- areas causes you to receive a ticket in error, contact 141.
the parking office immediately. Although we regret any inconvenience this may cause, we look
forward to these improvements to our 142.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following notice.
Notice Regarding Parking Area 1В
224
(B) new
(C) future
(D) potential
re about youn
design services.
140.
(B) who
(B) I am sorry to notify you that we have hit
a delay.
(C) what
(D) that
(C) I am pleased to have received your
application. 146. (A) appreciated (D) I am the personnel manager at
FiveLive Software.
144 (A) former
(B) would appreciate
(C) am appreciating
(D) have appreciated
Yours truly,
Jack Lawler
FiveLive Software
113 (0) om uriting to inouiro
imiomed me that you were nis team leader wnen ne worked at AD Digital Ware, Inc.
Mr. Naylor has applied for a lead programmer position, and he included you as one of his references
on his résumé. I am particularly interested in-Alan's contribution was to the various projects he 145.
worked on under you.
I14R your feedback regarding this promising candidate. If you prefer to talk on the phone, you can 146.
reach me at 555-0174
Ms. Evelyn Moretz
1200 Scott Street
Dundee, DD3 H6W
Dear Ms. Moretz,
143.3- I recently had the pleasure of interviewing Alan Naylor, one ofyour 144.-employees. He
Questions 143-146 refer to the following letter.
17 April
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 225
147. What is being advertised?
(A) Language classes
(B) Exercise classes
(C) Bookkeeping classes
(D) Carpentry classes
148. How many packages can be purchased by
one new student?
(A) One
(B) Three
(C) Five
(D) Twelve
www.adahlotusyoga.com/newstudent. This offer is
good only for students who have never visited the
studio before. Each student is limited to a single
package at the discount rate.
Test 8
buy class packages at discounted rates:
• 3 classes: $45
5 classes: $60
12 classes: $100
30 days of unlimited classes: $150
Access this deal by registering at our Web site.
New Student Special
For the month of June, students new to Adah's
Lotus Yoga get their first class free! They can also
e-malls, and instant messages. Eacntext o set oi laxis is Tollowen by severar questions. selecnа
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
af touto in followod rol ouootiono Solpot tho
226
(B) To introduce an artist's work
(C) To advertise an orchestra concert
(D) To welcome a new art curator
(A) Furniture
(B) Photographs
(C) Paintings
(D) Sculptures
give brier opening rema
For tickets, please contact the Membership Office at 324-555-0198, or
e-mail the Membership Director at sherryb@pinehurstart.com.
149. What is the main purpose of the invitation?
(A) To once an oxhibit
150. What will patrons be able to see at the
gallery on the date specified?
As a patron Gallery,
you are cordially invited to the opening of our latest exhibit,
Behind the Mirror, by photographer Amanda Adams
on Friday, September 4 at 7:00 P.M.
The evening will feature music by a string quartet from the Capital City
Orchestra, including First Violinist Miranda Wyatt. Light hors d'oeuvres
will be provided by City Town Bakery. Head curator Stefan Alexander will
Questions 149-150 refer to the following invitation.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 227
Test 8
151. What is indicated about MegaBooks?
(A) It will open a new wing in October.
(B) It is located next to Ivory Serenity.
(C) Its owner also owns Ivory Serenity.
(D) It is no longer part of Woodfield Mall.
152. What type of company is Ivory Serenity?
(A) A home decor store
(B) A beauty parlor
(C) A restaurant
(D) A bookstore
pedicures, all offered by certified aestheticians. In the spa, clients can
choose from a variety of massages, facials, body scrubs, and other skin
treatments.
An entire menu of services is available on the Ivory Serenity Web site at
www.ivoryserenityspa.com/services.
Ivory erenly Opening al wooajiela
Woodfield Mall is proud to announce the grand opening of a new
business at the west end of the mall complex. This business fills the
vacancy left by the departure of MegaBooks last spring.
Ivory Serenity will open its doors on Saturday, October 15, and will offer a
wide variety of services to keep the community pampered and peaceful.
Salon services will include haircuts hair coloring manicures and
Questions 151-152 refer to the following announcement.
1f: 11 M 11
228
practices
154. What is NOT required to apply to
Rameshwar Tea?
(A) A four-year accreditation from a
university
(B) Notes attesting to the applicant's abilities
(C) A photocopy of professional licenses
(D) Several years of work history
153. What kind of person does Rameshwar Tea
want to hire?
(A) Someone who has work experience in
tea making
(B) Someone who can easily find solutions to
problems
(C) Someone who knows how to work well
with others
(D) Someone who is interested in farming
155. What is true about the position at
Rameshwar Tea?
(A) It provides salaried vacation time.
(B) The pay begins at a fixed amount.
(C) Interviewees need to go to New Delhi.
(D) Employees must find their own housing.
A photocopy of a bachelor's degree or equivalent
3 letters of recommendation
Starting salary is based on work experience and education. Interviews
will be held in New Delhi or via teleconferencing. Positions include
medical insurance, three weeks' paid holiday and a studio apartment.
We would like to speak to you if any of these are true:
You are passionate about organic teas and sustainable farming.
You are energetic and capable of working through challenges.
You enjoy working independently and going to new places.
To apply, mail the following to the Rameshwar Tea Headquarters in New
Delhi:
A curriculum vitae with at least 5 years of work experience listed
Questions 153-155 refer to the following job listing.
Rameshwar Tea Now Hiring
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 229
(C) At an advertising agency
(D) At an accounting firm
(B) She will update Mr. Petty on a project.
(C) She wants to propose a different plan.
(D) She needs to process a sale.
156. Where most likely do the speakers work?
(A) At a property management company
(B) At a job placement agency
157.
SEND
At 9:35 A.M., what does Ms. Sato most likely
mean when she writes, "you know what"?
(A) She agrees with a marketing proposal.
Test 8
Petty, David A. Exaclly.
Sato, Cara [9:35 A.M.] It's an idea, but you know what? Our buildings are in bikefriendly neighborhoods. And we have a partnership with
Bellard's Bike Shop. So there you go. We could offer a free
bike.
Petty, David [9:37 A.м.] Hmm... worth exploring. Let's think about it and talk more
later.
Sato, Cara [9:30 A.м.] Let's start with our Web site. We can include more photos of
our properties.
Petty, David [9:31 A.м.] Good. How about the idea of a referral bonus?
Sato, Cara [9:33 A.м.] You mean a tenant can refer a friend to rent from us and get
a cash reward?
Teath
Petty, David [9:26 A.M.] Hi, Cara. Just want to update you on our rental data. Do you
have a moment?
Sato, Cara [9:27 A.м.] Sure.
Petty, David [9:28 A.M.] Our newest apartment development, Matson Plaza, is doing
very well. But vacancy rates are up in the older properties we
manage. We may need to advertise more.
Questions 156-157 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Π
230
courtway-sq.com.
vary on a given day, but its overall attendance from June to August was up 27% from last year.
On one sunny day in August, a record of 600 people visited the market. - [3]-.
Organizers have received "encouraging" feedback so far. "Visitors are really pleased with the
market's outdoor patio, which offers plenty of places to sit down in the shade," Ms. Lee said. She
noted, though, that organizers are "actively" addressing the issue of parking shortages. Street
parking is often scarce around Court Street, where the market begins. - [4]-
Althouoh the market has no Web rite of ite oun it ic lictod on tho noighhorhood' nito u
After four years at Hardar Plaza, the East City Farmers Market has returned to its old site at
Courtway Square, where it began its operations nearly 15 years ago. Attendance has been
"steadily increasing," said market organizer Linda Lee.-[1]-
"A lot of residential construction took place around Courtway Square in the years the market was
gone," Ms. Lee said. "This development has brought in more customers."The market operates
every Saturday from May to November, from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. - [2]-. Visitor numbers can
Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
September 2
City News
Attendance Is Up at Local Farmers Market
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 231
Test 8
(D) Its outdoor seating
(C) It moved back to its original location.
(D) It had record attendance in June.
THOW, ot od
three blocks west of that area."
(A) [1]
159. What does Ms. Lee mention that visitors like
about the market?
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4] (A) Its new opening hours
(B) Its delivery service
(C) Its online updates
158. What is mentioned about the East City
Farmers Market?
(A) It is sponsored by a real estate company.
(B) It stopped operating for several years
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
232
162. What will happen on May 26?
(A) A corporate lunch will be held.
(B) An appliance will be emptied.
(C) Some policies will go into effect.
(D) A representative will be elected.
164. The word "limited" in paragraph 2, line 4, is
closest in meaning to
(A) restricted
(B) generous
(C) imperfect
(D) competent
161. What is one topic of the memo?
(A) Calculating vacation time
(B) Conserving water and electricity
(C) Improvements for a break room
(D) Provision of up-to-date software
163. What has been added to the break room
policies?
(A) Wiping the microwave after use
(B) Cleaning the sink after each use
(C) Removing dishes from the rack daily
(D) Labeling items stored in the refrigerator
rever, eacn depa designate a break room represent wno will be
responsible for enforcing this policy.
*The inside of the microwave must be wiped thoroughly with a cleaning agent after use.
No dirty dishes should be left in the sink.
Any dishes that you've washed should be taken out of the drying rack at the end of the day.
*The sink should be wiped thoroughly after use. Note: This is a new policy.
We hope that everyone will enjoy the new facility and that these policies will keep it clean and
useful foror years to come.
To prepare the room, please remove anything that you've been storing in the refrigerator.
Anything left behind will be discarded on Friday, May 26. During construction, employees
will be able to store their lunches in the refrigerator on the fifth floor, but please note that
space will be limited.
As a reminder, these are the break room policies:
All food that is stored in the refrigerator must be labeled with the owner's name and the date.
Everyone is responsible for throwing out his or her own trash or expired food.
To: All staff
Subject: Break Room Renovations and Procedures
Date: May 22
This message is to alert you that the second floor break room will undergo renovations starting
on Monday, May 29. These renovations are scheduled to take five days and will involve the
installation of deluxe flooring and modern countertops, and the replacement of the sink,
microwave, and refrigerator.
Questions 161-164 refer to the following memo.
From: Office Manager
(D) [4]
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 233
the Web page?
(A) Public artwork
(B) Picnic facilities
(C) Hiking trails
(D) Parking areas
168. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Two of them have been placed prominently
near the park's West entrance."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
Test 8
165. What did KPAC most likely do recently?
(A) Conducted a user survey
(B) Appointed a new director
(C) Raised a facility's entry fee
(D) Sponsoreda sports contest
166. What part of the park is NOT mentioned on
167. Who most likely will make a final decision on
closing part of the park?
(A) Jim Landers
(B) Tina Vecchio
(C) Karen Bigsby
(D) Ed Markson
Day a big success. Volunteers set out on the park s hetwork of ikiиб
ade
day removing low-lying tree limbs and trimming weeds. - [3] -
Finally, we are happy to report about our upgraded waste management program. New green
trash containers have been placed in convenient locations throughout the park. - [4] -
We thank you for your help in keeping the park clean.
Meanwhile, Friends of Kendell Park (FKP) chairperson Karen Bigsby has voiced concerns
that the pond's water level may be "too low" to support a balanced ecosystem. To address
this issue, KPAC is currently consulting with Tina Vecchio, a life scientist at the park's Nature
Center. "She will make the ultimate decision about shutting down access to the park's
meadow section to pump water into the pond," Markson said. In the event of such a
closure, the meadow would be fenced off. - [2]-
In other news, KPAC wants to thank everyone who helped make last Saturday's Cleanup
of hilking pothe ond cpont the
A survey carried out last month by the Kendell Park Action Committee (KPAC) shows that
nearly 85% of respondents are satisfied with Kendell Park's amenities. "There's more good
news," said KPAC director Ed Markson. "We hired a private vendor to install folding
umbrellas on the park's picnic tables, and that work will be finished next week."
Work to repair cracks in the park's decorative sculptures and circular fountain will be
complete by late July, Markson added. The memorial plaque honoring the fountain's original
donor, Jim Landers, is also being restored and will be remounted on its base. - [1] -
Questions 165-168 refer to the following Web page.
Comments and questions about Kendell Park Week of May 27
234
Accor at slould reades
do to nominate an employee?
(A) Attend a dinner
(B) Submit a comment card
(C) Send an e-mail
(D) Visit a Web site
169. What is indicated about the staff recognition
awards?
170
(A) They are chosen by a companywide
vote.
(B) They are divided into two categories.
(C) The winners receive bonus pay.
(D) They are given out annually.
According to tho momo whot ohould
171. When can a nomination be submitted?
(A) On December 1
(B) On December 14
(C) On January 31
(D) On February 7
aiso anveruse tis opportunity to Certainty Bank patrons, as we
would also like to receive their feedback on outstanding employees.
Nominations will be accepted from December 14 through December
31. We expect to announce the winners by January 31, and awards
will be presented at the annual dinner the following week. Thank you
for your cooperation in this important initiative.
Branch Manager of the Year
• Teller of the Year
Community Volunteer of the Year
It is our goal to recognize staff members who go above and beyond
their normal duties to serve our customers and communities. If you
would like to nominate someone, please go to the main Certainty
Bank Web site and click on the "Recognize an Employee" link. Please
TO: Certainty Bank Employees
FROM: Jesse Audubon, Director of Human Resources
RE: Staff Recognition Awards
DATE: December 1
As we bring another successful year to a close at Certainty Bank, the
Human Resources Department would like to announce that it is
accenting nominations for the following staff recogmition awarde:
Questions 169-171 refer to the following memo.
MEM
(D) Cover a colleague's work shift (C) There is enough work for interns to do.
(D) A schedule needs to be modified.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 235
(A) Nominations for staff recognition awards
(B) A recent update to the company's Web
site
(C) Preparations for a summer program
(D) A work team's latest sales figures
173. What does Mr. Sladek offer to do?
(A) Install a software program
(B) Move some office furniture
(C) Review employment applications
(A) Information Technology
(B) Research and Development
(C) Customer Service
(D) Human Resources
175. At 9:44 A.M., what does Ms. Shimer most
likely mean when she writes, "It's a big
project"?
(A) She will hold more staff workshops.
(B) She plans to postpone her vacation.
Mary Shimer [9:44 A.M.] we'll nave the billing work for Endax Plus. its a ai
Walt Sladek [9:45 A.м.] Nobody will be bored.
Mary Shimer [9:46 A.м.] That's for sure. OK, thanks all. See you after lunch.
172. What topic will Ms. Shimer probably discuss
in a meeting?
174. What department does Ms. Patel most likely
work in?
Test 8
Todd Merino [9:42 A.M.]
Walt Sladek [9:43 A.M.]
Todd Merino [9:44 А.M.]
And about work areas -I got a call yesterday from Melanie
Patel, the human resources coordinator. She said some IT
interns will rotate through our department. Any issues with
computer access?
Not at all.
So we'll have two groups of interns. That's a lot of people.
But from what I know, summer is our slow season.
to do. I just want to touch base with you on those matters.
Todd Merino [9:38 A.M.] Sure. Do we have a work area for the interns?
Mary Shimer [9:38 A.м.] Actually, we need to find a space for them.
Ε
Walt Sladek [9:40 A.м.] We have extra folding desks in my section. I'd be happy to
set them up over there by the walls.
Mary Shimer [9:41 A.M.] That would work.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following online chat discussion.
2
Mary Shimer [9:37 A.м.] Hi, all. Can we meet this afternoon around 2:00? As we get
ready for the summer internship program, there's still a lot
236
tours and activities.
I am giving the hotel four stars instead of five for one reason: It is NOT quiet. The noise from
nearby construction woke me up several times early in the morning. Now, I know that the hotel
staff can't control construction, but I would have appreciated knowing about it ahead of time. At
least I would have been able to requesta room on the opposite side!
Despite that one issue, I will definitely book a room at this hotel next time I am in Philadelphia!
lype of Room: Deluxe
Name: Melissa Kwan
Review: ★★★★☆
I agree with the majority of the other reviewers. This is a good hotel at a low price, and it has
clean rooms, fast wireless Internet connection, a friendly staff, great toiletries, and a delicious
(free!) breakfast. It is located near the restaurant district of Old Street.
Many tourist attractions and historical landmarks are within walking distance, and the staff is
happy to provide you with maps and directions. The front desk staff was very helpful in arranging
http://www.trippist.com/pa/hotel-green
HOME MENUS REVIEWS LOCATIONS
Hotel Name: Philadelphia Hotel on the Green
•
Conveniently located near Philadelphia's most historic sites
Regularly scheduled shuttle bus between airport and hotel
Current specials:
Upgrade your room from a standard to a deluxe (king-sized bed, in-room computer) for
only $20/night. Depends on availability. Members of our Frequent Travelers Club are
always entitled to a 5% discount.
Check out our 4 5 star average on Tripnist the Web site for all thingr travoll
Like Hotel on the Greens in other cities, our Philadelphia location offers quiet, modern
rooms at fair prices with fantastic views of the city and a friendly, attentive staff.
Pamper yourself with our complimentary selection of Ben Madden toiletries
• Use our fully-equipped business center with a selection of computers as well
이
a printer, wireless Internet connection, and a scanner
Enjoy fine dining at our world-class restaurant
Walk to nearby shopping and dining establishments
as
Questions 176-180 refer to the following brochure and Web page.
Philadelphia Hotel on the Green
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 237
Test 8
(D) Most reviewers say good value fo
the money.
178. Which amenity is mentioned in the Web page
but NOT in the brochure?
(A) A convenient location
(B) Wireless Internet
(C) Free toiletries
(D) A complimentary breakfast
(D) They are 5% less expensive than deluxe
rooms.
177. What is implied about Philadelphia Hotel on
the Green?
(A) The location was recently renovated.
(B) It has its own online review forum.
(C) It recently reduced its room rates.
(C) Her room was not clean.
(D) There was outside noise during her stay.
180. What does Ms. Kwan indicate about the
hotel?
(A) It is overpriced.
(B) Most travelers do not like it.
(C) She will stay there again.
(D) Tho bodoro gomfortablo
176. What is suggested about a standard room?
(A) There is no computer in the room.
(B) It has two twin beds.
(C) Toiletries are not complimentary.
179. What complaint does Ms. Kwan have about
the hotel?
(A) The hotel shuttle bus was late.
(B) The staff was not helpful.
238
In addition, we expect to extend our ad campaign with multiple new
advertisements in the next month. Can you please advise us as to how much more
this would increase the price and how far in advance we should have the content
prepared to place the order?
Thank you,
Jason Andrews
Organic Hair Care
(222) 555-0155
10: Patricla Hawk <pathawK@adurnet.com>
From: Jason Andrews <jandrews23@jeetmail.com> Date: December 20
Subject: Invoice # 1122334
Dear Ms. Hawk,
We have received Invoice # 1122334 for our current ad campaign. I have sent two checks, one for $6,832.08 and the other for $2,150.00.
However, I would like to clarify the purpose of the "Additional Requests" item. Does
this refer to our request to target users who are female between the ages of 18-35?
aicab
3. Online Marketing Services will appear on the receipt.
4. If you have any questions, please e-mail Patricia Hawk <pathawk@ adurnet.com>.
5. To receive priority ranking, include a payment for $2,150.00 (calculated according to your current ad criteria).
6. Ads are automatically renewed.
E-Mail Message
$00.19
Ad Size: Medium
Ad Type: Pop-up
Additional Requests
Pay-per click (x 25,304 clicks) $6,832.08
Total Due: $6,832.08
Comments:
1. Total payment is due in 30 days.
$00.03
$00.10 $00.04
Total: $00.27
? Printed receipts will opby bo ircuod if indigatodin uo
Boston, MA 20039
Phone: (222) 555-0199
Fax: (222) 555-0167
BILL TO
Andrews Hair Care Supplies
22 Fawn Street
Ottawa, ON Canada K2L 1B6
Description
Base Pate
Invoice number: 1122334
Customer ID: 4532
Taxed Amount
$00 10
Questions 181-185 refer to the following invoice and e-mail.
Adur-Networking
99 Pattepson Street DatDo0bor 10
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 239
Test 8
month.
(D) The customer is billed by the number of
clicks.
expires aten
183. What is indicated about the billing
arrangement?
(A) The ad company offers base rate
discounts.
(B) The invoice total is calculated on a
weekly basis.
(C) The amount owed will be the same each
(D) Adur-Networking is a Canadian
company.
182. What is suggested about the type of ad the
customer ordered?
(A) It is placed online.
(B) It is featured in a magazine.
(C) It is the largest size available.
(D) To settle an overdue bill
185. What did Mr. Andrews NOT ask about?
(A) The success rate of the ad
(B) The fee for targeting specific users
(C) The cost of additional ads
(D) The time needed to process new ads
181. What is indicated in the invoice?
(A) A check was sent to Adur-Networking.
(B) An ad was placed for hair products.
(C) A payment is past due.
184. Why has Mr. Andrews sent two checks?
(A) To start a new campaign
(B) To pay the next month's base rate
(C) To obtain greater ad visibility
240
I am a long-time Denmeld City resident, but it wasn't until last month that I
used Denmeld Park. I really enjoyed my bike ride on the steep, hilly trail,
although it was quite crowded on the bridge because of people fishing at the
pond. I was also surprised to learn about the full-service bike shop near one
end of the park. Overall, I definitely plan to explore this park again!
Denmeld Park Trail Reviews
By: Greg Blount
Submitted on: August 2
Green - This walking trail (no bikes allowed) begins at the park's east parking lot and
ends at The Central Hub's outdoor fitness equipment.
The Yellow Trail - Beginning in a wooded section of The Lalton Valley, a nature area
featuring a small stream, this trail finishes at Hegdon Road. A full-service bicycle store is
located near this western terminus.
Connected to Denmeld City on the south, Denmeld Park offers miles of scenic paths,
including these color-coded trails:
Blue- This easy, flat trail goes in a clockwise loop starting at the park's north parking lot
and concludes at The Colored Patch, the park's wildflower meadows.
Red - This challenging trail features sharp, intermittent changes in elevation. It crosses
the bridge overlooking Denmeld Pond and ends at the picnic areas in The Green Mall.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following brochure, user review, and e-mail.
Welcome to Denmeld Park
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 241
(D) Yellow
188. What most likely is true about Mr. Blount?
(A) He used to be a PUAC member.
(B) He is a lifelong fishing enthusiast.
(C) He goes on bike rides once a month.
(D) He now lives in Denmeld City.
(B) areas of interest
(C) conditions for approval
(D) regions for special purposes
Test 8
(B) It has more than circle trail.
(C) It offers food for sale.
(D) It has gym equipment.
187. Which trail did Mr. Blount most likely use?
(A) Blue
(B) Red
(C) Green
(A) The Colored Patch
(B) The Central Hub
(C) The Lalton Valley
(D) The Green Mall
190. In the e-mail, the word "ground" in paragraph
3, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) surfaces of land
Regards,
Ann Harmon, PUAC chair
186. What is indicated about Denmeld Park?
(0) It is located between two cities
189. What part of Denmeld Park will Ms. Harmon
most likely visit on Saturday?
of one of our most popular trails.
Along these lines, I will visit the trail this Saturday, and inspect the area
around its starting point to determine the impact of informational signs
about the shop. Please join me if you can.
I plan to review the signage issue in detail at our Tuesday evening meeting,
so we will have a lot of ground to cover then. Many thanks for your ongoing
involvement with the Park Upgrade Advisory Committee (PUAC).
Date: August 19
Subject: Survey
Dear members,
I just want to follow up on our park users' survey results. One recurring
comment is that visitors do not know that there is a bike shop at the end
E-Mail message
To: PUAC members
From: Ann Harmon
242
Julia Connors
In-store Sales Team Manager
I have learned from Tom Chambers at Appeley Studio that our Web site's
description of the deluxe wooden computer desk (SKU#122) has an inaccuracy.
Because of a production issue, the brown and cherry color options are not
currently available. There is, however, an appealing white option.
Please note this change when you talk to customers. The corrected information
will go on our Web site once IT can make the updates.
Regards,
To: Sales Team
From: Julia Connors
Subject: Featured item
Date: June 3
Dear team members,
E-Mail Message
Colors available: Black, brown, and cherry
Upgrade options: - with fold-out table and bookcase with three adjustable shelves – $865
- two-piece set with fabric arm-chair -$895
-two-piece set with leather-backed executive chair -$935
This is a limited edition piece from a local woodwork studio.
Last updated: June 1
A fixture on Alton Street for more than a century, Schumoff Furniture is proud to be
the region's most trusted retailer handmade wooden furniture. We do not display all of
our items on this Web site, so please visit our showroom to view our current selection
of furniture.
OUR FEATURED ITEM* - Sale priced as below, only from June 4 to June 21
SKU#122 Deluxe wooden computer desk - with twofile drawers and four storage
drazvers - $685
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web page, e-mail, and customer review.
$ALE$ Schumoff Furniture - Featured sale
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 8 243
195. HOw muen dld vis. Clarkson mostnikely pay
for her desk?
(A) $685
(B) $865
(C) $895
(D) $935
) re
Test 8
192. What color options are now available for the
desk?
(A) Brown and cherry
(B) Black and white
(C) Brown and black
(D) White and cherry
Clar
(C) His manager is Mr. Chambers.
(D) Schumoff Furniture hired him in June.
195. In the customer review, the word "just" in
paragraph 1, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) almost
(B) possibly
(C) exactly
191. What is indicated about Schumoff Furniture?
(A) It plans to open additional locations.
(B) It lists its products in a paper catalog.
(C) It has been in business over 100 years.
(D) It is closed for business part of the year.
194. What most likely is true about Mr. Hinde?
(A) He designed a customer review Web
site.
(B) He sold a discounted item to Ms.
Clarkson.
Business Reviewed: Schumoff Furniture By: Maggie Clarkson On: July 12
I visited Schumoff Furniture on the first day of its "featured item" sale to purchase a limitededition wooden computer desk. I really like it. Thanks to its handy folding table and
bookshelf, it functions as an all-in-one workstation. In fact, I was able to get just the look I
had wanted for my home office - I couldn't have asked for a better fit. The sales clerk who
handled my purchase, Jerry Hinde, was very knowledgeable about all the showroom's
hapdmade furpiture All in all Istronglyrecommend both the desk and the store
Customer Reviews Plus
244
As in the past, the DTEC is proud to offer complimentary shuttle service from the
Charlotte Airport to the Charvia Hotel, which is the workshop site.
For inquiries, please visit info@dtec.com.
Sincerely,
DTEC workshops
Subject: Confirmation
Dear Ms. Lett,
We have received your $450 registration payment for the Delford Technology
Education Center (DTEC) three-day workshop. It also grants you access to our
weekly lectures via the DTEC Web site.
We know that every attendee will take in a lot of useful new information. Please
note that Lara Iarocci's keynote speech will start at 10:20 A.M., not 10 A.м.
Best regards,
Mia Oritz, Accounting Team, Rendec Center of Technology (RCT)
E-Mail Message
To: Gina Lett <glett@rendec-tech.com>
From: DTEC <workshop@dtec.com>
*Payment of conference or workshop fees totaling $400 or more
A manager's signed approval to spend at least $200 on entertaining out-of-town clients
When using your card, please ensure that you follow these RCT's corporate travel policies:
Car rentals must be reserved though our in-house travel division.
Lodging must be arranged through our designated travel agency, TZAD Travel.
Paper receipts must be obtained for all taxi travel to and from airports.
Up to $75 per day in cash advances may be taken only on trips lasting five (5) or more days.
Date: April 17
Subject: card
Dear Ms. Lett,
We are processing your application for our company's credit card, the RCT Payment Card. To
issue you a card, the accounting department needs one of the following:
*Proof of at least five (5) monthly commutes to our Lodi, NJ Tech Campus
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mails and schedule.
E-Mail message
To: Gina Lett <glett@rendec-tech.com>
From: Mia Ortiz, Accounting <mortiz@rendec-tech.com>
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 8 245
paragraph 2, line 1, Is closest in meaning to
(A) hire
(B) include
(C) contract
(D) absorb
days.
197. What is indicated about the DТЕС?
(A) It provides discounts for RCT staff.
(B) It operates its own hotel chain.
(C) It is managed by Mia Ortiz.
(D) It broadcasts talks on its Web site.
198. In the second e-mail, the phrase "take in" in
200. What corporate travel policy most likely
applies to Ms. Lett's trip?
(A) The policy about vehicle rentals
(B) The policy about taxi receipts
(C) The policy about hotel arrangements
(D) The policy about payment advances
Test 8
8 A.M. Transfer to airport via DTEC shuttle
196. Why most likely will Ms. Lett receive an RCT
Payment Card?
(A) She travels weekly to the Tech Campus.
(B) She will entertain visiting clients on May 2.
(C) She paid over $400 for a workshop.
(D) She will he traveling for more than five
199. What is suggested about Ms. Lett?
(A) She will transfer to another job site.
(B) She will give a keynote speech.
(C) She will miss a closing address.
(D) She will interview a workshop instructor.
May 3
10 A.м.-3:40 P.м. Group discussions
4 P.м. Job interview with Dr. Ron Park, Hotel Meeting Room
May 4
10 А.м.-5 р.м. Hands-on sessions
5:30 р.м. Closing remarks and reception
May 5
May 2
6
Schedule for: Gina Lett
A.M. Transfer to Charvia Hotel (booking #181, by TZAD Travel) via DTEС
shuttle
•2 P.M,-5 P.M. Attend workshop led by Dr. Ron Park
TEST 9
248
104. Traffic reporters at WXI suggested that
drivers take the Dill Court Expressway in
order to ---- avoid traffic from the parade.
108.
(A) newly
(B) dully
(C) hotly
(D) fully
Wilson Windows is------- an extensive
promotion that offers discounts on all
installations for new customers.
(A) believing
(B) investing
(C) running
(D) informing
(D) exclusively
103. The county courthouse ------- at 2:00 P.м.
tomorrow due to road closures for the
Historic Homes festival.
(A) closed
(B) will close
(C) was closing
(D) had been closed
107. Tickets can only be refunded if - are
returned 72 hours before the performance.
(A) this
(B) we
(C) they
(D) them
(D) observance
102. In order to be well-prepared for---
interview, Ms. Adams did some research on
the firm.
(A) hers
(B) her
(C) herself
(D) she
(C) since
(D) whether
106. The new Stability Recline line of lounge
chairs is ------- available at Quinn Department
Store.
(A) exclude
(B) exclusive
(C) excluding
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. The cleaning staff will finish work early today
in------of a national holiday.
(A) observe
(B) observer
(C) observing
105. There is some debate as to -we should
revise the budget now or wait for Ms. Cox's
report.
(A) even
(B) despite
any quaeioue as doseidip
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each nart You are encouraged to answer eз mаруquestioр з рoeciblo within
(D) Malmanctio
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 249
114. Please remember to check under your seat
------- in the overhead compartment for any
belongings you may have forgotten.
(A) and
(B) but
(C) because
(D) so
(C) disappointed
(D) disappointment
120.- devices can be replaced at the point of
sale within two years of the purchase date.
(A) Ambitious
(B) Absolute
(C) Intermittent
(D) Molfupotionina
(D) developments
113. International shipping is available at multiple
price points------by weight, speed of
delivery, and insurance amount.
(A) determine
(B) determines
(C) determined
(D) determination
119.
(D) divided
According to the survey results, area
residents are-----that more care was not
taken to protect the neighboring forest from
pollution.
(A) disappoint
(B) disappointing
Test 9
(C) even still
(D) despite
112. Gift certificate------ are refillable via the
members section of the Swankson Web site.
(A) markets
(B) balances
(C) suggestions
118.
(C) evaporated
(D) evaporation
A recent push for more----- organic
produce has led to mass-production
opportunities for organic farmers.
(A) affordable
(B) arguable
(C) limitod
111.
(C) receiver
(D) receives
Apartment construction has continued to
increase throughout Kastar City---the
efforts of urban planners to create more
public park space.
(A) as soon as
(B) in case
117.
(B) alecteu
(C) reversed
(D) approved
Unintentional-of the products' adhesive
was a major problem for R-Dec's latest line
of sticky notes.
(A) evaporate
(B) evaporator
(B) previously
(C) already
(D) highly
110. The first 100 visitors to Maynald's Furniture
will---a Maynald coffee mug.
(A) receive
(B) received
116.
(B) wardrobe
(C) harvest
(D) tractor
Happy Village Bank would like to apologize
to those customers ------by the service
outages last week.
(A) implemented
(R) offontod
109. The new edition of the smartphone ison sale in four different colors and three
different sizes.
(A) extremely
115. Fruits and other raw exports are expected to
decline after a poor------- due to an unusually
long rainy season.
(A) cubicle
250
periect candldate to submit an application.
(A) patient
(B) patients
(C) patiently
(D) patience
130. To -------smooth transitions into the new
building, each office is being assigned a
relocation specialist for the month of June.
(A) interrupt
(B) facilitate
(C) abandon
(D) distribute
mrderto provide betterinsulation, the
single-pane glass----- with a double pane in
next year's models.
(A) will replace
(B) has replaced
(C) will be replaced
(D) has been replaced
125. Rondstone Financial is-- waiting for the
129. Only technical problems with unknown
causes should be reported to the IT
department.
(A) reoccur
(B) being reoccurred
(C) to be reoccurred
(D) reoccurring
(D) accessible
123. Not enough people------- in the company
baseball league, so it has been cancelled.
124
(A) enrolled
(B) defeated
(C) relieved
(D) excepted
In ordor to peoide t
128. Duluth Electronics hopes a spike in
new clients after the outsourcing of their
production facilities to overseas.
(A) seen
(B) sees
(C) to see
(D) seeing
(D) across
122. The cafeteria, ---- provides inexpensive
lunch and dinner options for employees, is
located on the second floor.
(A) who
(B) when
(C) where
(D) which
)(order to
(D) on account of
127. Clarifent bleach pens promise to lift even the
most----- stains from ties and other delicate
fabrics.
(A) elegant
(B) stubborn
(C) apologetic
121. The orientation for new employees will be
held Sunday, April 26 in the office--- from
the break room.
(A) inside
(B) above
(C) heside
126. The performance summary reports a sales
performance that is ------ the most optimistic
predictions.
(A) accustomed to
(B) in line with
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 251
popular items.
(D) In particular, production costs are a
major factor.
132. (A) consecutively
(B) periodically
(C) formerly
(D) valuably
134. (A) limitation
(B) to limit
(C) limitedly
(D) limited
Test 9
Unfortunately, we cannot send you more than the current
131. (A) Because of that, these coupons offer
real value.
(B) As a result, it has been tested
thoroughly in advance.
(C) However. we may run out of certain
134.
133. (A) discount
(B) warranty
(C) quantity
(D) feedback
op s online store
Belfort Shop does its best to ensure product availability. 131. When a product is shown as "out of
stock," it means the item is currently unavailable. As a policy, we will try to order more of the product,
so please check our Web siteto see if the item is back in stock. In some cases, a product's 132.
cannot be increased during the check-out process. If this occurs, it means there is a restriction 133.
on the number of units-e.g., no more than four-of a given item that we can ship to you.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following Web page.
Out of stock items
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
252
136. (A) absent
(B) upcoming
(C) shared
(D) faulty
138. (A) The items are cooked according to the
instructions.
(B) Many still prefer to enjoy meals at local
restaurants.
(C) This air conditioning unit has manual
controls as well.
(D) This task can be assigned to a designated
employee.
wave, coпee тakers, and toaster should all be turned off and unplugged.
close and lock all windows and doors.
135. (A) minimizing
(B) to minimize
(C) to be minimized
(D) minimization
137. (A) cabinets
(B) appliances
(C) utensils
(D) passages
Finally, please 138.
In our efforts 135. energy costs, Aldaric Industries Ltd. will implement a partial shutdown of the air
conditioning system to selected offices in the headquarters building. For this holiday, our
management asks that you turn off and unplug theequipment in each office. 136.
This includes printers, scanners, and photocopiers that are normally used by all the employees in
your work section. Also, please be sure to shut down the small in the staff cafeteria-the
microлоло noffoo mol
137.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following notice.
Important notice to all employees about our holiday energy conservation program
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 253
(C) Most senders prefer the express
service.
(D) A desk clerk usually signs for the
packages.
Test 9
139. (A) nullifying
(B) streamlining
(C) obtaining
(D) mailing
140. (A) This type of delay may be difficult to
avoid.
(B) This program can save you time and
monay
141. (A) accessed
(B) accessible
(C) accessibly
(D) access
142. (A) say
(B) run
(C) install
(D) undate
It will allow you to keep track of all your shipping activity from one location-you will have 140.
instant--to shipping rates, package delivery progress, and customer freight charges. To receive 141.
your program, call our customer service line at 800-555-0015. The service is voice-activated, so
simply"software program" when prompted and then follow the recorded instructions. 142.
To: Acmax Company <acmax@mail.com>
Dear Valued Customer,
At Quarstar Shipping, we want to assist you ineverything related to sending out large volumes 139.
of parcels-from tracking deliveries to monitoring costs. To help you remove complexity from the
shipping process, we invite you to use our free Quarstar Shipping Manager software program.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Ouarstar Shipping undates via sarounsend@mailcom
254
ride the bus to their workplaces.
(B) These timetables for the city bus
system were printed recently.
(C) Officials said the service was reduced
because of low ridership.
(D) The City Transit Authority regularly
reviews this kind of feedback.
140. (A) gatner
(B) restore
(C) lower
(D) slow
Horner. "We would like the city to 146.-the bus' service to its original route."
143. (A) being extended
(B) extended
(C) extension
(D) extends
144 YA) A supwey showod that mogt of thom
145. (A) direct
(B) mixed
(C) lengthy
(D) operating
14G )0(
Residents discuss bus routes at public meeting
South District residents met at a community center to discuss-of the Number 4 route to 35th 143.
Street. The bus ran between the downtown area and 35th Street until early last year, when the City
Transit Authority shortened the route to finish 2 kilometers north at 16th Street. The route cut 144.
has left South District residents without any 145.-links to the city's central areas. "People who live
along the Number 4 route now take two buses and the subway to get downtown," said resident Ken
Questions 143-146 refer to the following newsletter article.
News for the South District
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 255
(A) Intorm staff about an upcoming policy
change
(B) Modify a price list for some items
(C) Purchase additional packing supplies
(D) Notify a customer about a packing
method
(A) Repair a uoor
(B) Set up some shelves
(C) Return to an office
(D) Phone a supplier
147. What does Mr. Milton ask Ms. Dragoti to do? 148. What will Mr. Milton probably do next?
Test 9
the dome, one with the base. Could you
e-mail Mr. Yu to let him know that's the way
the item will go out? Thanks! I'm about to
leave the warehouse and drive back to the
main office now.
0
From: Jeff Milton, 555-0094
To: Nana Dragoti
Hi, Nana. We're preparing the antique lamp
for shipment to the buyer, Mr. Yu. We have
to put protective wrapping over its glass
dome and pack that in a separate box. So
we'll ship the lamp in two boxes - one with
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following text message.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails and instant messages Fach text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
256
149. What is mentioned about the festival?
(A) It is now in its third year.
(B) It will have free parking available.
(C) Its organizers are seeking performers.
(D) Its Sunday hours have been extended.
150. What is NOT included with admission?
(A) A glass
(B) A carrying bag
(C) A food coupon
(D) A keychain
simply show your ticket stub to the parking attendant.
Admission - $8 per person, includes souvenir drinking glass, canvas tote bag, a
voucher for two sample pastries, and a wristband for free return entry on all
three days.
- 2 P.M. to 10 P.M. each day
Sample locally homemade pastries and pies, plus more than 30 kinds of
juices, teas, and milkshakes
Great lineup of live entertainment each day
Brindon Park's main entrance is located across from Wheldon Drive. There will
be ample yehicle parking at nearby city parking facilities To aoid paving foo
The Brindon Dessert and Beverage Festival is back!
Following the success of last year's inaugural event, the Brindon Dessert and
Beverage Festival is returning to Brindon Park.
Join us for this 3-day festival: Friday May 9, Saturday May 10, Sunday May 11
Questions 149-150 refer to the following flyer.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 257
)( орuate so
(C) Bring some cleaning supplies
(D) Make additional coffee drinks
(B) He understandsa particular situation.
(C) He is warning staff about a potential
problem.
(D) He thinks the staff should organize more
sales.
151. What does Ms. Dunn ask Mr. Traynor to do?
(A) Read a customer review
D
152. At 8:35 P.M., what does Mr. Traynor most
likely mean when he writes, "It happens"?
Test 9
I should have ordered more.
Jeff Traynor 8:35 P.M.
I heard that. It happens. The important thing is that
we had a good turnout.
Liz Dunn 8:36 P.м.
I'll say. All right, I'm back to work. See you soon.
We're still cleaning up here in the cafe. Can you
bring us back some paper towels and dish soap?
Jeff Traynor 8:34 P.м.
Sure thing. Pam told me the baked goods sale
went well. Great to hear!
Liz Dunn 8:34 P.м.
It did. But I can't believe we ran out of donuts.
Liz Dunn 8:31 P.М.
Hi, Jeff. Are you at the warehouse store now?
Jeff Traynor 8:32 P.М.
I just walked in. What's up?
Liz Dunn 8:33 P.м.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following text-message chain.
258
CC3-0141 or by e-mail at m-scudara@zazzmail.com. Ihank you for your time and
consideration. I hope to hear from you in the near future.
Sincerely,
Marco Scudara
Marco Scudara
eting. I also compieted multiple marketing internships for a number of
reputable firms. My time with my current employer, Strikeout Media, has seen me
work on campaigns for well-known chain restaurants such as Pizza IO and Burger
Cloud, among others.
At your earliest convenience, please let me know when we can speak further. I
would like to discuss my current qualifications and how they might be ofuse to the
marketing department at Szuter Solutions, Inc. I can be reached by phone at (304)
01 1
cameto hear about a job opening at yo pany, Szuler lons, Inc., througn
our mutual acquaintance, Mr. Jerry Smith, who works in your Human Resources
department. I currently work in the online marketing department for a company
focusing on social media campaigns for restaurants in the U.S. I was impressed by
your company's work on online campaigns for upcoming movies and television
shows, and wish to expand my current set of talents to the entertainment business.
I graduated from the Colorado Rockies Technical College with a degree in
Samantha Getty
Online Solutions, Inc.
55 Stane Street
Melbourne, VIC 32901
Australia
Dear Ms. Getty,
Questions 153-155 refer to the following letter.
25 August
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 259
Test 9
(D) He has a degree in Media Studies.
(D) To negotiate contract terms
154. How is Mr. Scudara qualified for employment
with Szuter Solutions, Inc.?
(A) He completed an internship there.
(B) He is part of a personnel department.
(C) He has marketing experience in other
industries.
(D) He knows Mr. Scudara and Ms. Getty.
153. Why was the letter written?
(A) To ask about a job
(B) To recommend an associate
(C) To extend a job offer
155. What is indicated about Mr. Smith?
(A) He is a popular entertainer.
(B) He owns Szuter Solutions, Inc.
(C) He is employed by Strikeout Media.
260
users. (D) To obtain a price list
(D) They cover return shipping costs.
156. What is indicated about Kaldac Tools, Inc.'s
warranties?
(A) They differ according to the product.
(B) They are sold separately from the
product.
(C) They provide free loaner products to
157. Why most likely would a consumer contact
the LPSC?
(A) To get details about a warranty
guaranteе
(B) To submit a large purchase order
(C) To request a free service
cude a return packing siip for your package. INotethat there is a return shipping ree to
ship the product back to you. If you have a specific question about your warranty coverage,
please call our Customer Service Department at 555-0094.
Special note to consumers: Under its "Cutting Edge" guarantee, Kaldac Tools, Inc. will
sharpen the blades of any of its cutting tools for free. To request this service, please e-mail
the Lifetime Product Support Center (LPSC) at <support@kaldac.com>. There is a limit of
20 products per service order.
Kaldac 1ools, Inc.
Warranty and Return Policy
Home>>Support>>Warranty
The terms and conditions of our warranties vary depending on which type of Kaldac
product you own. To view a specific warranty, please go to Warranty by Product Type and
follow the prompts. All warranty returns must be accompanied by a Warranty Authorization
Number (WAN). The WAN can be obtained by e-mailing <service@kaldac.com> and will
Questions 156-157 refer to the following Web page.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 261
(D) On May 10
(B) A new line is being constructed.
(C) Weather damage is being repaired.
(D) Safety upgrades are being performed.
159. When will work on the F line end?
(A) On May 1
(B) On May 3
(C) On May 8
(A) On trains
(B) At stations
(C) On the Internet
(D) At newsstands
Test 9
Rerouted service maps are available in all stations. Thank you for your patience as
we work to keep our tracks safe.
158. Why are delays scheduled?
(A) A station is being expanded.
160. According to the notice, where can special
maps be obtained?
Newbury stops while the northbound track undergoes work. The 23 bus takes this
same route and free transfers from subway to bus will be available during the time
of construction.
F-line trains: From 2:00 A.M. on Saturday, May 8, until 4:00 A.M. on Monday, May 10,
the F line will be using only the eastbound track between the Whitehurst and
Canberry stops while the westbound track undergoes work. Please allow extra time
in your schedule if you must travel during this time.
WEEKEN
Construction work on the C and F lines is scheduled for the next two weeks. This
project will improve transport safety by replacing old tracks and installing special
emergency lights.
C-line trains: From 2:00 A.M. on Saturday, May 1, until 4:00 A.M. on Monday, May 3,
the C line will be using only the southbound track between the Van Houten and
Questions 158-160 refer to the following notice.
ΑΙΓΓΙΚΕΑΙR SLIDΑΙΣ DFΙ ΑVE
262
(C) It supplies clients with duplicate building
keys.
(D) It offers access to a software application.
162.
referrals.
(B) It has been in business for over 30 years.
(C) It has won customer service awards.
(D) It offers special packing services.
What does Reybeck's Moving do to make
moving easier?
(A) It accepts used furniture for recycling.
(B) It provides free temporary storage
services
"To complement our moving and packing
services, we now offer fully-customized
storage solutions."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
161. What is NOT mentioned about Reybeck's
Moving?
(A) It gets most of its new business from
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
budget.
-[3]-. At Reybeck's Moving, we have recently come up with a unique way to simplify
your moving process. Through our business partnership with Relo-Plus Software Co.,
we offer every client a free subscription to a software application that allows for
instant updating of contact information. - [4] -. With the touch of a key, you can
notify friends of your new address, and even schedule in-home service installations.
Visit our Web site at www.reybecks.com to find out more about all our services.
Reybeck's Moving - call 555-0186 to schedule a free, on-site estimate
After more than three decades in operation, Reybeck's Moving has become the area's
most respected residential and commercial mover. - [1] -.We have earned customer
trust by offering top-quality relocation service. In fact, nearly 90% of our customers
come to us by word-of-mouth recommendations. We are proud to provide special
packaging services for large, bulky items and fragile antique artworks. - [2] -. For
those who need to store their belongings, we provide spaces to fit every situation and
Questions 161-163 refer to the following advertisement.
Moving can be challenging - We're here to help
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 263
est
country furniture? 9
(A) It should not be put into everyday use.
(B) Smoothing the finish adds to its value.
(C) Many treasured pieces are available for
sale.
(D) It was often painted bright colors.
167. How do Mr. Markham and Mr. Lavranson
recommend finishing wood furniture?
(A) With oil
(B) With wax
(C) With paint
(D) With stripping
164. What is Peter Markham's job?
(A) Hosting a television show
(B) Selling antique furniture
(C) Working at a museum
(D) Writing magazine articles
165 What is indicated about eighteenth-century
166. The phrase "call for" in paragraph 3, line 8,
is closest in meaning to
(A) phone
(B) inquire
(C) lack
(D) require
Curator of the rurmture depatnent at шa
Museum of Everyday Life in Winchester,
Massachusetts, Markham has seen many
different attempts to restore old wood
furniture. "In many cases," he says, "wellmeaning people have destroyed the value of
the furniture by attempting to refurbish it."
The value of an antique increases when the
piece looks as close to possible as it would
show Price My Piece. But if you want to sell
your treasure someday, it's better to leave the
furniture as is-flaking paint and all.
The one exception, say both Lavranson and
Markham, is wax. While oil-based finishes
can stain wood, solid wax protects the
wood's surface and can be easily removed if
further restoration is desired.
Preserving Antique Wood Furniture
If you have a treasured piece of wood
furniture sitting in your attic that has become
faded and dingy with time, you may be
tempted to touch it up with a new finish or
fresh coat of paint.
"Don't," says antique expert Peter Markham.
have when it was originally used
Eighteenth-century country furniture, for
example, used to be painted with bright,
colorful hues. Today, however, people often
prefer to strip off the paint, since modern
tastes tend to call for more subtle coloring.
"That's fine if all you want is a piece of
everyday furniture," says Arne Lavranson, an
antiques expert with the ponular television
Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
The Home Wood Finisher
Issue 10
Volume 3 (May-June)
264
169. At 10:17 A.M., what does Ms. Dalhart most
likely mean when she writes, "That's true"?
(A) She understands others' concerns about
costs.
(B) She wants to contact additional suppliers.
(C) She is unable to negotiate with a buyer.
(D) She was disappointed in their firm's
recent sales.
(A) Cancel a site inspection
(B) Modify an agenda
(C) Join a team meeting
(D) Proofread a report
168. What is mentioned about some product
samples?
(A) They come in a wide variety of sizes.
(B) They have a pleasing appearance.
(C) They are made of thin fabric.
(D) They were packed by a shipping firm.
170. What does Mr. Manno suggest?
(A) Reducing a staff's size
(B) Visiting an industrial complex
(C) Placing the smallest order allowed
(D) Opening additional physical stores
171. What does Ms. Dalhart ask Mr. Lopez to do?
Sue Dalhart [10:20 А.м.] Great. I'll have my team brainstorm marketing ideas during
our afternoon meeting. Tom? I'd like you to sit in on our
discussion.
Tom Lopez [10:21 A.M.] You got it.
Michael Manno [10:22 A.м.] Good plan. OK, let's keep each other updated.
SEND
Tom Lopez [10:16 A.м.]
Sue Dalhart [10:17 A.M.]
Hmm... it's more than we had anticipated.
That's true. The products are attractive, though. With a good
marketing plan, we could make a profit on them.
Tom Lopez [10:18 A.м.] What is Tex-Garmm's minimum order total?
Michael Manno [10:19 A.м.] It's 500 scarves. Why don't we put in an order for that
amount? We can then test market the scarves as limited
edition items.
product samples I picked up from a potential supplier - TeхGarmm in Shenzhen.
Tom Lopez [10:12 A.м.] Yes, I was surprised at how good-looking they are.
Sue Dalhart [10:13 A.M.] Me too. My colleagues really liked their colors.
Michael Manno [10:14 A.м.] Agree! And their thick knit fabric is a plus.
Tom Lopez [10:15 A.м.] How about the manufacturing cost?
Michael Manno [10:15 A.м.] It's $5 per unit. So, yes, Tex-Garmm would be more expensive
than our other suppliers.
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Michael Manno [10:11 A.M.] Hi, all. Did you see the scarves I brought in? They're the
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 265
Ltd.?
(A) Its head office is in Roodeport.
(B) It is the country's largest storage
company.
(C) It gave away appliances at a trade fair.
(D) It expects to change its name in the
future.
"An online update to the handout stated that
more than 50,000 people attended the
event."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(A) It was focused on a specific theme.
(B) It charged vendors extra fees for storage
space.
(C) It had exhibit booths at least 3 meters
wide.
(D) It included a new type of exhibit.
173. What most likely is true about Storage-Tec
(A) Virtual tours of its facilities
(B) Comments from customers
(C) Exclusive discount coupons
(D) Lists of available storage units
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
Test 9
the fair's brochure. -[2]-
During the expo, Storage-Tec Ltd. had
www.storage-tec.com, can browse a full range
of storage unit sizes, get pricing information,
and read customer testimonials.
172. What is NOT suggested about this year's
Spaces Plus Exno?
174. What is most likely featured on Storage-Тес
Itd's Web site?
public. The event, held at the Horizon
Convention Center, ran from August 11th to
14th and focused on trends in decorating
interior spaces. - [1] -. Storage-Tec Ltd.'s
booth included a 3.3-meter wide walk-in
storage unit similar to those it rents at its
facilities. It was the first time a storage
con exhibited at the show according to
specialists, furniture suppliers, and appliance
manufacturers.- [4] -. Headquartered in
Durban, Storage-Tec Ltd. operates self-storage
facilities in seven South African cities. It
recently acquired Upsal Self-Storage's six
self-storage facilities, and plans to rebrand all
these properties with its Storage-Tec Ltd.
name. Visitors to the company's Web site,
Storage company exhibits at the
Spaces-Plus Expo
ROODEPORT-Storage-Tec Ltd., which
operates 32 self-storage facilities throughout
South Africa, exhibited at the Spaces-Plus
Exno an annual trade fair that is open to the
including a refrigerator and a microwave. All
visitors to its booth received paper vouchers
for rental discounts at its self-storage
facilities. -[3]-.
The theme for this year's expo was
"Designing Your Home." The event featured
more than 600 exhibitors, including décor
Questions 172-175 refer to the following newsletter article.
Storage Newsletter- daily drawings for prizes it had on display,
266
Center. Relocation agents are available to assist you and your family in the moving process.
We are truly pleased to welcome you as one of a select and special group. We look forward to
seeing you in September.
Sincerely,
Peter Gallant
DeSoto Foundation Media Center
Fellowship Coordinator
Orlando, FL 29438
Dear Ms. Sun,
Congratulations! We are delighted to inform you that you have been selected to receive this
year's DeSoto Fellowship. In their decision, our interviewers particularly cited your fervent
commitment to using film in order to interface between the tech industry and the public at
large. They also spoke with enthusiasm about your project to develop interactive learning
stations that can be installed on sidewalks in city centers.
As you know, this fellowship requires a two-year residency at the DeSoto Foundation Media
projects, please visit
DeSoto Foundation Media Center
March 23
Ms. Grace Sun
302 Orange Grove Lane
• A 1,500-word project description
이
A 500-word personal statement or biography
Three letters of recommendation
Portfolio of applicable work (optional)
The deadline for applying is October 12. Finalists will be notified by January 1, at which
point interviews will be arranged. All interviews will be conducted in New York City.
Applications are reviewed by an independent board of industry professionals and
university faculty. To read profiles of previous recipients and view their fellowship
proiooto plo iitdell
The DeSoto Foundation Media Center, located in Los Angeles, solicits applications from
mid-career professionals in the arts and media fields to pursue projects related to the
combination of technology and the humanities. Projects can be visual or written.
The fellowship is a two-year residential award that comes with a stipend equal to 80%
of the recipient's salary, up to $70,000 per year. It is intended to replace the awardee's
salary during the two-year stint so that the awardee's employer can hire a temporary
replacement while the awardee completes the fellowship project. Fellowship recipients
are not allowed to accept other employment during the tenure of the fellowship.
Applicants should submit:
Questions 176-180 refer to the following announcement and letter.
DeSoto Fellowship
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 267
Tes
(B) She is passionate about her work.
(C) She is a highly paid professional.
(D) She will work on Mr. Gallant's project.
177. What is NOT listed as a mandatory part of
the application?
(A) Recommendation letters
(B) A description of a project
(C) Samples of work
(D) A biography
178. What can be inferred about Ms. Sun?
(A) She is the only fellowship recipient.
(A) In January
(B) In March
(C) In September
(D) In October
176. Who would be eligible to win a DeSoto
Fellowship?
(A) A computer programmer
(B) A medical doctor
(C) A structural engineer
(D) A film director
179. Where will Ms. Sun be moving?
(A) To New York
(B) To Los Angeles
(C) To Orlando
(D) To Chicago
180. When will Ms. Sun begin her fellowship?
268
I understand that the festival has more attendees than ever this year. Still, I was really
looking forward to that workshop! Is there room available in the 1:00 P.M. session? I was
planning on attending the discussion with Ms. Luster, but I can skip it in favor of the
workshop session.
Thank you for your time,
Jerry Lancaster
From:
Subject:
<jerrylancaster@mailclient.com>
RE: Pacific Writers' Festival Confirmation
Dear festival organizers,
I'm disappointed to see from the e-mail below that I have not been placed in my first-choice
workshop, "Fleshing Out Characters," and have been scheduled to attend "Writing the
Pitch" instead.
agel Luster
Please indicate which events you would like to attend on your registration form. If
we cannot give you your first choice, we will automatically place you in a similar workshop at the same time. If you would like to withdraw from the workshop and
receive a refund, please contact us at organizers@pacificwritersfestival.com.
To Corganizer@рacificuuriterefentiuml om
ay, lay тс ay, May 14
Lectures Workshops Lectures Workshops
9:00 A.M. Jonathan
Butty
A: Finding an Agent
B: Revising your Draft
Katherine
Osaka
A: Writing the Pitch
B: Fleshing Out Characters
10:30 A.M. Sparrow
Williams
Negotiating a Contract Fergus
McDonald
Negotiating a Contract
1:00 P.M. Moderated
discussion
with Bart
A: Finding an Agent
B: Revising your Draft
Moderated
discussion
with Anne
A: Writing the Pitch
B: Fleshing Out Characters
Registration is now open for the Pacific Writers' Festival lectures and workshops!
Guest Speakers:
.
Jonathan Butty, author of Lost in Seattle
Sparrow Williams, author of A Girl at Sea
Bart Fagel, editor of Pacific Literary Magazine
Katherine Osaka, author of Finders, Keepers
Fergus McDonald, creative writing professor
Anne Luster, literary agent
EridoM 12
Questions 181-185 refer to the following Web page and e-mail.
Pacific Writers' Festival
May 13 and 14
Home | Tickets Calendar
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 269
Test 9
(B) 10 request additionar prese
equipment
(C) To withdraw from a festival
(D) To propose a schedule change
(B) The lecture times will be moved. (C) An agent
(C) Attendees will be placed in another
workshop.
(D) An author
(D) The organizers will contact the
attendees.
183. What is the primary purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To suggest a new type of discussion
(C) On May 14, 10:30 А.м.
(D) On May 14, 1:00 Р.М.
182. According to the Web page, what will happen
if attendees' workshop requests cannot be
accommodated?
(A) The festival will return the attendees'
money.
(C) The workshops are held in a convention
center.
(D) It was founded by Bart Fagel.
185. Which type of speaker was Mr. Lancaster
hoping to see?
(A) A professor
(B) An editor
181. When would a festival attendee be able to
hear an editor speak?
184. What is suggested about the Pacific Writers'
Festival?
(A) On May 13, 9:00 A.M.
On Mav 13. 1:00
(A) It has become more popular.
(B) Attendees must provide their own food.
270
The shipment of the new Systemax 7 that Storrey Appliances released last month has
arrived in our Castle Rock warehouse. I would like to replace the current washing machine
that is on display in our Castle Rock Electronics store with one of these. It will be set up at
the front of aisle 9. I want the Systemax 7 display to be ready by Wednesday of next week,
so could you make the arrangements for this? Let me know if you have any problems.
Thanks.
Dorothy
L-iMidllmessay
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Dear Alby,
Alby Tran <atran@castlerockelectronics.com>
Dorothy Connors <dconnors@castlerockelectronics.com>
Systemax 7 Display
January 3
The ffon 140 Will finish your laundry in no time! We have added a new wash cycle that can
clean clothes in 30 minutes. Whether it is a heavy or delicate load, the Tron T40 will get the job done quickly.
Price: $375
Castle Rock Electronics is offering free delivery and installation of washing machines $450
and above.
EMoil m
black and white washers.
Price: $425
Washen 3.0
The Washen 3.0 is a washer that specializes in reducing unwanted washer noises. It operates quietly with minimal noise and vibrations leading users to wonder if the machine is truly on.
Sale price: $350 (Valid until February 27)
Regular price: $425
Tron T40
TI
XM332
The XM332 is one of the biggest washing machines on the market able to accommodate
large loads of blankets, sleeping bags, or other bulky items. The XM332 allows water
temperature adjustments to match the different types of fabrics being washed. Price: $475
Systemax 7
With an LED display and touchscreen controls, the Systemax 7 prides itself on its unique
modern look. It is now offered in dark green, which sets it apart even more from the usual
Questions 186-190 refer to the following information, e-mail, and review.
Castle Rock Electronics
February is here. Check out this month's newest washing machines!
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 271
st
9
(C) Invented a noise-canceling device
(D) Opened a new electronics store
188. What does Ms. Connors ask Mr. Tran to do?
(A) Unload some shipment boxes
(B) Make some preparations
(C) Replace a broken machine
(D) Purchase some kitchen supplies
(A) rushing
(B) supervising
(C) breaking
(D) operating
free installation?
(A) XM332
(B) Systemax 7
(C) Washen 3.0
(D) Tron T40
187. What did Storrey Appliances do last month?
(A) Released green washing machines
(B) Lowered the prices of some equipment
(A) She was able to clean her clothes in 30
minutes.
(B) She works as a Castle Rock
salesperson.
(C) She bought a washing machine on sale.
(D) She prefers black household appliances.
190. In the review, the word "running" in paragraph
1, line 3, is closest in meaning to
I purchased the Washen 3.0 washing machine yesterday at Castle Rock Electronics. My
salesperson was extremely helpful, and I got a great deal. Mostly, I am impressed with how
quiet it is. I used to hear my old washing machine running throughout the entire apartment, but
now my new machine barely makes any noise at all.
186. For which machine will a customer receive a 189. What is most likely true about Ms. Ackley?
Reviewed by: Caroline Ackley
Date: February 11
272
Event Type:
Sports
Event Type:
Music
Event Typeе:
Exhibition
Event Typeе:
Exhibition
Event Typе:
Comedy
Event Type:
Music
Event Type:
Music
Weekly Events
May 23
6:00 р.м.
May 24
7:00 P.M.
May 25
9:00 A.M.
May 26
9:00 A.M.
May 27
8:00 P.M.
May 28
7:00 P.M.
May 29
7:00 P.M.
Lightning vs.
Gladiators
Corinne Yi Tysons Car
Expo
Tysons Car
Expo
Mya Wade
Live
Tatiana
Newton
Tatiana
Newton
Aitnougn Newton is now the nead of a record label, she wants to continue to be a
successful singer as well. The artist is in the middle of planning a nationwide tour. She
plans to kick off her tour with one performance at Jarcher Arena in Los Angeles in May.
"I've been living in Nashville for the past couple of years, so I think it would be special
come back and play in my hometown for a night," Newton said. to
Taughon on
rave reviews and is expected to have high record sales.
The Los Angeles native says she took a lot of time writing this album because she was
busy managing Pink Artists, Inc., a Nashville-based record label she launched three
years ago. "Starting my own music company has been difficult yet extremely
rewarding," Newton shares. "I've learned so much about the business and creative side
of the music industry!"
Questions 191-195 refer to the following article, calendar, and Web page.
December 12-After a long five-year hiatus, singer Tatiana Newton has finally
released her new album, River Flows, to much fanfare. The album has received
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 9 273
193. What is suggested about Ms. Newton's
shows at Jarcher Arena?
(A) Each show is two hours long.
(B) There are more shows than originally
planned.
(C) They have received rave reviews.
(D) They have the highest selling ticket
prices.
(D) To inquire about a food request
(D) She completed a worldwide tour.
192. What is indicated about Jarcher Arena?
(A) It is located in Nashville.
(B) It hosts comedy acts.
(C) It opens at 8 A.M.
(D) It can seat 20,000 people.
(C) Tysons Car Expo
(D) Mya Wade Live
195. According to the Web page, why should
someone contact Jonah Evans?
(A) To become an arena vendor
(B) To check some baggage sizes
(C) To locate lost camera equipment
Test 9
suitcases, etc. will not be permitted. Please click here for size details.
191. What is true about Ms. Newton?
(A) She founded a company.
(B) She released her fifth album.
(C) She will move to Los Angeles.
194. For which show can a guest bring a
professional camera?
(A) Lightning vs. Gladiators
(B) Corinne Yi
Q: Can I bring food and drinks?
A: No. Food and beverages can be purchased inside Jarcher Arena. Exceptions can be made
for guests with special dietary needs. Please contact Jonah Evans at guestservices@
jarcherarena.com.
Q: Can I bring a bag?
A: Yes, but all bags must be small enough to fit under a seat. Oversized bags, backpacks,
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: Can I bring a camera?
A: Yes, small cameras and cell phones are allowed. However, all professional cameras with
lens that are over 35 millimeters are not permitted. Those attending exhibition events are
exempt. Please click here for more details.
www.jarcherarena.com/guestservices
Jarcher Arena
274
Barret & Company is always thinking of ways to improve our products and service to
better serve you, our customer. If you have any questions, comments, or concerns,
please contact us at www.service@barretandco.com.
-The Barret & Company Team
Our plan to discontinue #CZ102 and only offer #CZ103 will be implemented in two
stages. First, starting on October 1, #CZ102 will no longer be available on our online
orders. Our Web site will only feature #CZ103. To show our appreciation for your
cooperation, we will be offering one free box of #CZ103 on orders of more than 5
boxes of #CZ103 as a one-off offer for the month. Then, on November 1, we will no
longer be offering #CZ102 in physical stores. All these items will be pulled off the
shelves and replaced with #CZ103.
September 8
Dear Valued Customer,
We would like to inform you that item #CZ102 will be discontinued and replaced with
item #CZ103. The only difference between the two is a slight change in color. #CZ102
is Pearl White, and #CZ103 is Cream White. All other specifications remain the same.
The decision was made by the manufacturers, not Barret & Company.
Color: Pearl White
Sizes: Small (7-8 inches), Medium (8-9 inches), Large (9-10 inches)
Quantity: 100 gloves per box
Price: $20 per box
Payard Exam Gloves
Healthcare professionals agree these non-sterile, powder-free exam gloves fit tightly for
precise grip on objects. They are secure during long procedures and provide the
maximum protection against exposure.
Description
Item: #CZ102
a
Questions 196-200 refer to the following information, notice, and form.
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 9 275
198. What is suggested about #CZ103?
(A) It is available in three sizes.
(B) It is manufactured in Dallas.
(C) It is offered in a variety of colors.
(D) It is the cheapest online product.
est 9
(B) safe
(C) hold
(D) experience
197. What is the purpose of the notice?
(A) To announce a store opening
(B) To notify of a change
(C) To report a Web site error
(D) To promote a monthly event
(B) In October
(C) In November
(D) In December
200. What most likely is Barret & Company?
(A) A home appliance store
(B) A clothing manufacturing factory
(C) An engineering firm
(D) A medical-supply company
#WQ932 Surgical Masks 6 $10 $60
Total: $605
196. In the information, the word "grip" in
paragraph 1, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) understanding
199. When most likely did Ms. Johar place her
order?
(A) In September
Client Delivery Address: St. Janice Clinic, 928 Main Street, Dallas, TX 75200
Item Number Description Quantity Unit Price Total
#LP45 Gauze Bandages 9 $35 $315
#NH84 Blue Exam Gowns 3 $30 $90
#CZ103 Exam Gloves-Medium 7 $20 $140
#CZ103 Exam Gloves-Medium 1 $0 $0
Barret & Company Order Form
Order Number: 9281
Client: Lola Johar
Client Phone Number: 555-0086
TES T 1O
278
(C) notable
(D) noted
104. Jim's Auto Shop used to get a lot of referrals
from customers, but it hasn't had any-----.
(A) nearly
(B) primarily
(C) lately
(D) constantly
108.
(C) for
(D) and
Most companies outsource production
overseas, but Pacheco Manufacturing is one
------- еxcеption.
(A) notes
(B) notation
(C) ahhounced
(D) announces
103. Having information about all of the products
in one place makes them easy to----
(A) contain
(B) produce
(C) compare
(D) endorse
107.
(B) ours
(C) our
(D) ourselves
The presenter indicated that he would need
both a projector ------- a video screen for his
talk.
(A) or
(B) vet
(B) from
(C) by
(D) at
102. Kemper Industries is delighted to ------- that it
will open a new branch in Shanghai.
(A) announce
(B) announcing
106.
(A) correct
(B) correction
(C) correctly
(D) corrected
The magazine's popularity is declining even
though ------- writers are talented.
(A) we
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Local businesses can benefit------- the city's
investment in the tourism industry.
(A) on
105. The editor was able to make an immediate
------- to the article because it was posted
online.
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or pbrase is missing in each of the sentences below
READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
(D) specify
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 279
(D) rarely
114. The Rest-Right memory foam mattress is
designed to relieve pain in the joints
and back.
(A) specified
(B) specifically
(C) specific
120. Based on the clouds he saw coming in from
the north, Mr. Baek made a weather----
(A) prediction
(B) predicts
(C) predictive
(D) predict
(C) while
(D) than
Test 10
(C) accommodate
(D) understand
113. The event coordinator made a few
announcements --the break between the
two sessions.
(A) because
(B) during
119.
(D) energetically
Ms. Mayes was given a discount on the
produce she bought at the farmers' market
because it was- bruised.
(A) closely
(B) actively
(C) slightly
(C) most careful
(D) carefully
112. The departments that have team members
who------ with one another usually have a
high level of productivity.
(A) cooperate
(B) respect
118.
(D) delicate
The lead entertainer who performed on the
cruise ship had an------- attitude when he
took the stage.
(A) energetic
(B) energy
(C) energies
(B) as
(C) on
(D) to
111. To avoid delays in processing, the customer
must fill out the form ---when making a
refund request.
(A) careful
(B) carefulne33
(C) had slowed
(D) will slow
117. The five-star restaurant's head chef creates
dishes with a-- balance of herbs and
spices.
(A) premium
(B) countless
(C) minimum
(B) like
(C) likelier
(D) likely
110. Packages that are not addressed with a
specific employee's name will be taken---
the mail room.
(A) of
(B) disputable
(C) disputed
(D) dispute
116. Mr. Cooper fixed the computer problem that
------- down transactions all last weekend.
(A) slows
(B) will be slowing
109. Passing the resolution to increase the
downtown parking fines is the most--
outcome of the vote.
(A) likeness
115. After Mr. Drake expertly handled a
between two of his colleagues, he was
offered a promotion.
(A) disputes
280
roadways, they were still very icy on the
surface.
130.
(A) Before
(B) So that
(C) Although
(D) In case
The Grand Hotel caters to celebrities who
highly value their privacy, so the importance
of ------- is repeatedly expressed to the staff.
(A) diversity
(B) collaboration
(C) sympathy
(D) confidentiality
passionate speech against cutting funding to
schools, as he------- refused to support the
measure.
(A) stubbornly
(B) intimately
(C) namely
(D) figuratively
125.--- the snow had been cleared from the
129. Employees of Armida International receive
reimbursement for any expenses - while
they are acting on behalf of the corporation.
(A) proceeded
(B) incurred
(C) operated
(D) maintained
123. A great deal of interest ------- in the film after
the director's comments on social media last
week.
(A) generated
(B) was generated
(C) will generate
(D) to be generated
124 One of the council members gayve a
128.
(D) which
All crates in the warehouse, -those
marked with a red sticker, should be
unpacked and added to the inventory system
by lunchtime.
(A) except
(B) apart
(C) over
unliko
(D) dependability
122. An expert on childhood diseases gave a
moving speech at the fundraiser -----by the
Charleston Pediatric Clinic.
(A) organizer
(B) organizing
(C) was organized
(D) organized
(D) regardless
127. As the lead technician was on a break when
the machinery broke down, no one on the
production floor knew ---- component had
malfunctioned.
(A) there
(B) when
(C) whether
121. Government officials support measures to
increase the country's supply of wind power
and reduce---- on oil from overseas.
(A) reliance
(B) congestion
(C) dissatisfaction
126. Vince's Autos promises to give a fair trade-in
price on any vehicle, -of the condition it
is in.
(A) regards
(B) regarding
(C) regarded
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 281
(D) By doing so, customers can see the
benefits for themselves.
Test 10
(C) technique
(D) facility
132. (A) to install
(B) installing
(C) installs
(D) install
134.
(C) contamination
(D) contaminating
(A) This will result in reduced pollution from
transportation.
(B) Otherwise, the impact would be even more
significant.
(C) The centers track their inventory using
sophisticated equipment.
rooftop solar panels. The panels will help the company to generate a portion of the energy it needs.
The company also wants to reducelevels in the air. Therefore, filters will be added to all 133.
exterior vents. There are also plans to move distribution centers closer to dealerships. 134.
Consumers are pleased with the company's efforts to reduce its environmental impact.
131. (A) objective
(B) hackaround
133. (A) contaminated
(B) contaminates
Questions 131-134 refer to the following article.
BERLIN (5 September)-VCF Automotive is moving forward with plans to make its vehicle
manufacturing plants more environmentally friendly. A spokesperson for the company said that the
131.-can be achieved through a few major changes. First, electricity needs will be reduced by 132.
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
282
136. (A) browse
(B) publish
(C) conserve
(D) edit
advance.
(D) Most communities of our size have a
smaller library.
138. (A) awards
(B) resources
(C) workshops
(D) tutors
100.
checking software, and more. The library is open on weekdays from 10 A.M. to 8:30 P.м.
135. (A) Solely
(B) Officially
(C) Particularly
(D) Extensively
137. (A) We have several openings for part-time
library assistants.
(B) Topics cover everything from economics to
literature.
(C) Please prepare your recipes for this in
renovated to restore it to its original condition, this historical building is appreciated for its 135.
beautiful woodwork, classic design, and cozy atmosphere. Patrons can the rare and out-of- 136.
print books in the Research Room, and there are also thousands of contemporary books that may
be checked out. There are plenty of events for library visitors as well. A weekly lecture is conducted
every Tuesday evening. 137.
There are special55-just for writers. These include academic journals, textbooks, grammar
Questions 135-138 refer to the following information.
Cunningham Library provides an impressive collection of books and periodicals to the community.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 283
Test 10
140. (A) preparation
(B) inspiration
(C) method
(D) exposure
142. (A) You'll also get hotification of the relan
you're on our mailing list.
(B) Everyone is pleased that you'll be joining
our editorial team.
(C) I thought your color scheme
recommendations were helpful.
(D) Please let me know a time that works best
for you.
Edward viСО
139. (A) to consent
(B) consent
(C) consents
(D) consenting
141. (A) was reaching
(B) had been reached
(C) will have reached
(D) is reached
image that yon sn eu. lease sign 139.
pay for submissions. However, we do offer a link to your Web site, which could be excellent-14- for 140.
your business. If our steady growth rate continues, we800 daily unique visitors by the end of 141.
the year. Once I have finalized the design for the relaunch, I will let you know. 142.
All the best,
From: Edward Wilcox <e.wilcox@conceptmedia.com>
Date: November 20
Subject: Concept Media Submission
Dear Mr. Curtis,
I am pleased to inform you that Concept Media's Web site relaunch will include the background
oubmittod Plonso cign apd return the attached form As you know we do not
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Jeffrey Curtis sieffrey@icurtisdesign.com>
284
(D) extra
146. (A) purchases
(B) requirements
(C) belongings
(D) reservations
143.
144.
(A) to provide
(B) provides
(C) is provided
(D) providing
(A) occasional
(B) initial
(C) extreme
145. (A) The opening and closing of the car willbe
announced on board.
(B) You may check our Web site for
information prior to your trip.
(C) Your ticket will tell you where you are
supposed to depart.
(D) If your journey is delayed, please speak to
a ticket agent.
Thanks to recent upgrades to our services, a full-service dining caron all journeys. First Class 143.
passengers are entitled to one meal set and two beverages during their trip. These are included in
the price of the ticket. Other passengers may purchase meals, snacks, and beverages from the
dining car at ancharge. The hours of operation for the dining car are dependent upon the 144.
designated stops.-. Therefore, it is not necessary to check this information in advance.A snack 145.
cart is also available on every train, and passengers may make theirin cash or by credit card. 146.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following notice.
NOTICE TO SOUTHEAST RAIL PASSENGERS
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 285
(C) To request a street repair (C) Its soccer fields are in poor condition.
(D) To highlight a safety issue (D) It does not have enough parking.
Test 10
Evan Donner
Evan Donner
147. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To inquire about a road closure
(B) To check a speed limit
148. What is suggested about Meadow Park?
(A) Its visitors create noise disturbances.
(B) It is located on Merrick Street.
attention. I live on Merrick Street, and I have noticed that a lot of drivers speed
through the area. This is a potentially dangerous situation. Meadow Park is right across
the street from my house, and there are often children playing near the street because
of the soccer fields there. I hope you will consider adding speed bumps or lowering the
speed limit to combat this problem.
Thank you for your consideration,
Harlingen City Hall
1459 Adams Road
Harlingen, TX 78551
To Whom It May Concern:
I am a resident of Harlingen, and I have a matter that I would like to bring to your
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following letter.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
286
149. What can be inferred about Amazing Art
Supplies?
(A) It sells books about painting.
(B) It displays its customers' artwork.
(C) It has recently relocated.
(D) It offers a class on the weekend.
150. What is suggested about the coupon?
(A) It cannot be used with other offers.
(B) It has an expiration date.
(C) It is limited to one item only.
(D) It only applies to certain brands.
20% Off Paintbrushes
Both discounts may be applied if used within the same purchase.
Offer valid until April 1. If the desired product is unavailable at
the time of purchase, the coupon cannot be used. No cash
value.
889 Wright Street
We hope you enjoyed learning how to paint at our Saturday
session. Please visit us for another learning opportunity in the
future. In the meantime, stock up on art supplies for your home
with this coupon.
10% Off Watercolor Paints
Questions 149-150 refer to the following coupon.
Amazing Art Supplies
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 287
Test 10
Rockford Center.
(C) He plans to attend the lecture on Ms.
Kirkland's behalf.
(D) He will wait for Ms. Kirkland at the
Hartford Building.
151. What problem does Ms. Kirkland mention?
(A) A meeting is taking longer than expected.
(B) She is having issues with her car.
(C) A building was difficult to find.
(D) She needs assistance with a negotiation
152. At 2:30 P.M., what does Mr. Yong most likely
mean when he writes, "That would be
easier"?
(A) He will take public transportation to a site.
(B) He agrees to meet Ms Kirkland at thel
Jason Yong, 2:30 р.м.
You're right. That would be easier. If I get there first, I'll save you
a seat.
Tessa Kirkland,
Thanks. I'll text you when I arrive.
2:33 P.M.
Send
Communications. We're taking a short break now, but I think it's
going to be another hour. I thought I'd be done by now.
Jason Yong, 2:27 P.M.
I don't mind driving to the Hartford Building to pick you up.
Tessa Kirkland, 2:29 P.M.
I appreciate that, but it's out of your way. I'll just take public
transportation instead and see you there.
Tessa Kirkland, 2:23 P.M.
It doesn't look like I'm going to get back to the office in time to
ride with you to the lecture at the Rockford Center. I'm still
planning on going, though.
Jason Yong,
Where are you now?
2:25 P.M.
Tessa Kirkland, 2:26 P.M.
I'm at the Hartford Building, neqotiating the contract with Averill
Questions 151-152 refer to the following text-message chain.
288
153. For whom is the notice most likely intended?
(A) Apartment building tenants
(B) Shopping mall visitors
(C) Post office customers
(D) Restaurant patrons
154. Where will some construction work take
place?
(A) At the Holly Street entrance
(B) At the Bennett Avenue entrance
(C) At the building's elevators
(D) At the building's interior staircase
During the work, the Bennett Avenue entrance, the one
facing Gardenia Mall, will still be open to the public. For a
complete list of planned changes to the building, visit our
Web site or check the bulletin board near the elevator.
Thank you for your cooperation.
In an effort to make the building more easily accessible to
those in wheelchairs, the Daltonville Post Office will be
adding an exterior ramp. The construction work will begin
on June 4 and end on June 5. A portion of the current stairs
leading to the Holly Street entrance will be removed, and
that section will be replaced with a ramp and metal railing.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following notice.
Public Motico
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 289
(A) A performance by a musician
(B) Wireless Internet access
(C) A free shuttle from a parking area
(D) Refreshments for passengers
Test 10
155. What is mentioned about Big M Tours?
(A) It only provides tours on the weekends.
(B) It has three different boats.
(C) It has been operating for twenty years.
(D) It charges customers on a per-guest
basis.
156. What is covered in the basic fee?
157. According to the advertisement, what
information should people provide when they
call?
(A) The number of guests
(B) The payment method
(C) The reservation code
(D) The departure point
To make a reservation with us, call 555-0113. We will need to know how many people will be
taking the boat trip. Please note that weekends fill up quickly, so we recommend early
reservations.
competttive Dasic Tae lues almexpehencedcrew, lg siпаскз, aid pag
site. We also offer the following services for an additional fee:
لا
Catered meals
Full-service bar with bartending staff
Live musical entertainment
Cancellation protection
On-board Wi-Fi
R
Make your next special occasion memorable with a trip on the Mississippi River. For the past
fifteen years, Big M Tours has catered exclusively to private parties. We have an excellent safety
record, and all of our captains have ten to twenty years of experience. Our charter boats are
available every day and can accommodate groups as large as eighty people. Customers may
select one of our three luxury boats, each a different size and with various features. Our
Questions 155-157 refer to the following advertisement.
290
(D) He does not use his credit card very often.
(D) A discount on electronics
159. What is indicated about Mr. Jordan?
(A) He thinks having insurance is very
important.
(B) He is most concerned about how much
interest he pays.
(C) He usually does some of his grocery
shopping online.
frequently
(C) An increase in the credit card's security
protections
(D) The ability to check his account from his
phone
158. What is Mahlon Bank offering to the survey
participants?
(A) Entry into a prize drawing
(B) A free gift certificate
(C) Credit at a music site
160. What change would Mr. Jordan most likely
want to see?
(A) A helpline with a well-trained customer
service team
(B) The option of changing his credit limit
1 Interest rate
4 Point-/Reward-earning opportunities
Is there any other information that you think would be helpful for us to know?
When choosing a credit card, convenience is very important to me.
The best credit card would be one having an app that allows me to monitor my
purchases and balance on-the-go. That way, I could make sure I do not exceed my
crodit limit
What do you usually purchase with credit cards (check all that apply)?
[ ] Online Goods [X] Groceries [X] Gas [X] Other Clothing
Please rate the following credit card features from most important (1) to least
important (5):
2 Annual fees
3 Credit limit
5 Insurance
Thank you for completing this survey. Your feedback is valuable to us. To show our
appreciation for your time, you will be entered to win state-of-the-art noise-cancelling
headphones from Viva Music. Be sure to include your e-mail address so that you may
be contacted in case you are the winner.
Name: Anthony Jordan E-mail Address: ajordan@quickmail.net
How often do you use credit cards?
[X] Daily [] Weekly [ Monthly [1 Less than once a month
Questions 158-160 refer to the following form.
Mahlon Bank Credit Card Services Survey
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 291
Test 10
(A) They should not be operated by young
children.
(B) They are adding features to minimize a
problem.
(C) They should not be used near bedtime.
(D) They are too noisy for light sleepers.
(A) To promote electronics that are not
harmful
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
(B) To warn readers about a health hazard
(C) To explain the effect of light on growth
"This may be good advice, but it is not
practical for many people."
(D) To introduce a new technology
162. What is lleana Litton's opinion about
smartphones?
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D)[41
effect on our natural rhythms, especially for
young children. - [2]-
Dr. Ileana Litton of Padilla University has
been researching how light from digital
screens affects people's sleeping patterns.
says. In fact, she recommends turning orr all
screens at this time as a way of tuning into
the natural environment. - [4] -. In that
case, special light-filtering glasses may be an
option.
161. What is the purpose of the article? 163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
(July 2) In the modern age, it seems that a
digital screen-whether television, computer,
or smartphone-is never very far away.
-[1]-. The tremendous growth of the
electronics industry has led to advancements
in communication and entertainment.
However, these devices can have a negative
Her study, along with many others, has
shown that an environment with too much
artificial light can block the body's signals
regarding sleep. -[3]-. "If you find that it
takes you a long time to fall asleep, try
putting away your smartphone about half an
hour to an hour before you go to bed," Litton
Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Health Corner
ากา767
Sincerely,
Matthew Holloway
Matthew Holloway
I nave been sent some flowers, plants, and small shfubs from Derek Nava of Nava
Greenhouse, a regular donor to our projects. There is enough to fill the three
flower beds at the northern end of the park. Of course, we wouldn't charge
anything for the labor. -[3]-. Therefore, the project could be completed at no
cost to the city. Please call me at 555-0185 to let me know if you are interested in
going forward with this.-[4]-
I look forward to hearing from you!
Parks and Recreation Department, I am writing to you to find out if our group can
assist with some work at Valley Park.-[2]-. We are aware that the park was
closed for a few weeks after the hurricane passed through the area. We recently
visited it, now that it has reopened, and noticed that several flower beds were torn
up, in addition to the fallen trees and other issues. We would love the opportunity
to replant some of these flowers to help restore the park to its former condition.
11
Dear Ms. Talbert,
I am the president of the Wooster Gardening Association (WGA), a club
dedicated to gardening and plant care. We meet once a month to share our
expertise and learn more about this rewarding hobby. - [1]-. In addition, we do
community projects about four times a year. As you are the head of the town's
Questions 164-167 refer to the following letter.
Lauren Talbert
2147 Briarhill Lane
Kimana NC28501
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 293
Test 10
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(D) To invite a guest speaker to a meeting
165. What can be inferred about Valley Park?
(A) It is the community's largest park.
(B) It is currently closed for safety reasons.
(C) It suffered damage during a storm.
(D) It is the regular meeting site of the WGA.
167.
(D) He received some donated goods.
In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"We already have the necessary equipment
such as shovels and rakes as well."
164. What is the purpose of the letter?
(A) To request contributions to a project
(B) To encourage Ms. Talbert to join a club
(C) To offer some yolunteer services
166. What is suggested about Mr. Holloway?
(A) He lives near Valley Park.
(B) He needs help in selecting flowers.
(C) He works at Nava Greenhouse.
294
Indira Sankar [11:20 A.M.] Okay, I'll take a look.
Indira Sankar [11:26 A.M.] You're right. I'm glad to see that.
Dewei Cham [11:28 A.м.] I've got some time now if you'd like me to call her. I've worked
with Ms. Casell in the past.
Indira Sankar [11:29 A.M.] Thanks, but it would be better to have the account manager
take care of it. I'll let him know that he should do that.
SEND
Indira Sankar [11:17 A.M.]
Uberto Piccio [11:19 A.M.]
right?
Yes. She said we printed the wrong ad. It was the same as the
one from last week, but it was supposed to be a different one.
Ms. Casell is a regular customer, so it would be a big problem if
we made a mistake.
The problem was not on our end. I have her most recent e-mail
with the image she requested. It's the one we printed. I'll forward
the message to you.
Indira Sankar [11:13 A.M.] I received a message from Marilyn Casell of Sumter Goods this
morning. She's very dissatisfied with our service. I don't
understand what's going on. Can someone fill me in?
Dewei Cham [11:15 А.м.] Patrick Audette is the one managing that account, so I don't
know much about it. He's out of the office this morning, but he'll
be back in the afternoon.
Uberto Piccio [11:16 A.M.] Iassisted with the graphics for some of the advertisements. This
is Ms. Casell's advertisement for the power tool sale at her store,
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 295
Test 10
(A) Mr. Audette
(B) Mr. Cham
(C) Mr. Piccio
(D) Ms. Sankar
(D) Prepare a proposal for a client
169. Where does Ms. Casell most likely work?
(A) At a graphic design firm
(B) At an advertising agency
(C) At a newspaper company
(D) At a hardware store
(B) She is pleased that her company is not at
fault.
(C) She approves of the printing layout that
was suggested.
(D) She is relieved that a project was
completed on time.
171. Who will most likely contact Ms. Casell?
168. What is Ms. Sankar trying to do?
(A) Set up an agreement with Sumter Goods
(B) Find out why a customer is upset
(C) Get information about who took a
message
170. At 11:26 A.M., what does Ms. Sankar most
likely mean when she writes, "I'm glad to see
that"?
(A) She likes the design that Mr. Cham
created.
296
If you need help with moving, I highly recommend SMC, whose contact
information is listed on the attachment. Please let me know if I can be of assistance
with anything else.
All the best.
Madeline Dupree
Associate Realtor, Home Realty
August 18.
You will visit the property on August 22 for a final walk-through. This will give you
the opportunity to make sure items that were part of the sale, such as light fixtures
or appliances, have not been removed from the property. You can also check for
any unexpected damage. If everything is satisfactory, you will meet at my office
the following day to sign the documents for the sale, taking legal possession of the
property at that time.
fair price. I've attached a list of our business partners, who offer special deals to our
customers.
What you need to do next is contact the bank where you had your home loan preapproved, as the home's value will need to be assessed independently by one of the
bank's representatives before funds can be released. In addition, we will send Dion
Tucker, a home inspector from our office, to check the property. After assessing the
property, he will send you a report with information about any potential problems
and the approximate costs of fixing them. He will e-mail that report to you on
From: Madeline Dupree <madeline@home-realty.net>
Date: August 10
Subject: 1582 Harris Lane
Dear Ms. Stinson,
Great news! I've just received confirmation in writing that the offer you made on
the property at 1582 Harris Lane has been accepted. Lacey Kent agreed that it was a
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
To:
E-Mail message
Lara Stinson <l.stinson@digitalletterbox.com>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 297
Test 10
(D) Ms. Dupree's coworker
173. According to Ms. Dupree, what will be sent to
Ms. Stinson?
(A) Estimates for repair costs
(B) A list of houses in the neighborhood
(C) Terms of a loan agreement
(D) A schedule for an inspection
(C) To check items at a property
(D) To measure some appliances
175. What is suggested about SMC?
(A) It is operated by Ms. Dupree.
(B) It has a long waiting list.
(C) It would give Ms. Stinson a discount.
(D) It works directly with the bank.
172. Who most likely is Ms. Kent?
(A) A bank employee
(B) Ms. Stinson's landlord
(C) A home seller
174. What is the purpose of the August 23
meeting?
(A) To select an insurance package
(B) To finalize some paperwork
298
projects by this Friday. Should you be offered the position, you will have to provide
evidence that you have a valid state license.
I look forward to hearing from you!
Kyle Whitten
HR Advisor, Shalimar-Marino
Date: April 15
Subject: Position at Shalimar-Marino
Dear Ms. Getty,
I would like to schedule an individual interview at our office on April 23 at 10 a.m. It
will last for approximately forty-five minutes. Please let me know if this appointment
time works for you. You should e-mail me a portfolio including images of your past
receiving these messages, go to the Communications Preferences page of your
online account.
E-Mail Message
To: Alicia Getty <gettyalicia@postserv.com>
From: Kyle Whitten <kwhitten@shalimarmarino.com>
0
National Architectural Association (NAA) is preferred but not required.
Résumés should be sent to Kyle Whitten at kwhitten@shalimarmarino.com by
March 31. The company will hold group interviews from April 7 to 11. Those
who pass the group interview phase will be invited for an individual interview
during the week of April 21.
You have received this message because you opted into job notifications at the
time of purchasing your Architect World Magazine subscription. To stop
Shalimar-Marino is currently seeking a senior architect for its office in Boston.
This is a full-time position with a competitive salary and generous annual
bonuses. The senior architect is in charge of supervising a team of five junior
architects. Responsibilities include setting objectives for projects, assessing the
needs of the client, and managing material usage within a budget. As the role
is to be carried out with little support from upper management, there is a need
to exercise good judgment when working independently. Applicants must have
five years of experience and currently hold a yalid license Membershin in the
Questions 176-180 refer to the following information and e-mail.
Job Opening of the Week
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 299
Test 10
178. In the information, the word "exercise" in
paragraph 1, line 7, is closest in meaning to
(A) rehearse
(B) use
(C) train
(D) handle
(D) Proof of a valid license
(C) Employees of Shalimar-Marino
(D) Subscribers of a publication
177. What is indicated about the position?
(A) It provides a lot of vacation time.
(B) It requires some traveling.
(C) It involves overseeing others.
(D) It offers a large signing bonus.
(C) She is currently living in Boston.
(D) She had asuccessful group interview.
180. What does Mr.Whitten need by the end of
the week?
(A) A letter of recommendation
(B) Proposed contract terms
(C) Examples of previous work
176. To whom was the information most likely
sent?
(A) Architecture students
(B) Members of the NAА
179. What can be inferred about Ms. Getty?
(A) She has already met Mr. Whitten in
person.
(B) She asked to change an interview time.
300
wnipped Cocoa Bath 3.7 £125
A total of 63 clients-44 women and 19 men-participated in the event. Each
participant received 1-3 treatments, depending on his or her schedule and preferences. It
has been agreed that the spa will introduce the most popular treatment first, followed by
the most expensive one.
Owner: Maya Gould Research prepared by: Raymond Biscoe
Treatment Average Customer Rating
(1=poor, 5=excellent)
Recommended Price
Cell Rejuvenation Facial 4.2 £160
Crystal Body Massage 4.8 £140
Oxygen Boost 3.9 £95
can have a maximum of forty people participate in the event, unless Ms. Gould releases some
urgent funds.
Lilian
Summary Report of Exploratory Week Event at Blue Wave Spa
Sarah Kelm, whom I used to work with at Calvin Hotel, had suggested using Starks Research.
However, when I started researching their fees, I quickly realized that it would be unnecessary
to hire an outside firm when we can perform the research ourselves.
Therefore, we've decided to hold an event called "ExploratoryWeek" from February 2 to 8.
For this week only, we will bring in specialists to provide some unique treatments to our
customers. We will send exclusive event invitations to customers who visit regularly. They will
be able to try these new treatments at no charqe in exchanqe for providing their feedback,We
Date: January 10
Subject: Please read
Dear Casey,
I wanted to fill you in on what you missed at our spa's annual planning meeting. We mainly
discussed offering more treatments and how to find out which ones would be best. In
preparation for the meeting, I had looked into hiring a professional research company.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following e-mail and report.
To: Casey Irvine <casey@bluewavespa.co.uk>
From: Lillian Blais <lillian@bluewavespa.co.uk>
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 301
Test 10
(C) By receiving some information in the mail
(D) By performing on online search
183. What is NOT true about Exploratory Week?
(A) It will have free services.
(B) It is for frequent clients only.
(C) It will use temporary workers.
(D) It is a special annual event.
(B) Crystal Body Massage
(C) Oxygen Boost
(D) Whipped Cocoa Bath
(D) To schedule a meeting
182. How did Ms. Blais initially find out about
Starks Research?
(A) By listening to comments during a staff
debate
(B) By getting a former coworker's
recommendation
(C) Its clients requested a wider variety of
treatments.
(D) Its owner allotted last-minute funds for an
event.
185. Which treatment will Blue Wave Spa most
likely add first?
(A) Cell Rejuvenation Facial
181. Why did Ms. Blais send the e-mail?
(A) To request assistance
(B) To ask for some feedback
(C) To provide an undate
184. What is suggested about Blue Wave Spa?
(A) It has a consulting contract with Starks
Research
(B) It is one of the largest spas in the area.
302
Aug. 14 Helen Clarke 3
Aug. 15 Daniel Langston 10
Sincerely,
Marta Perez
Manager of Operations, Valdosta Security Service
It seems there is some confusion regarding security at next week's events at the plaza.
We are trying a new system, appointing a head of security for each event. If you need to change your shift, please don't e-mail me. You must e-mail the head of the event and
also find your own replacement for the shift. The assignments for next week are as below:
Date Head of Security # of Security Personnel
Aug. 9 Marty Harris 3
Aug. 11 Edgar Foster 18
E-Mail message
To: Undisclosed recipients
From: Marta Perez
Date: August 4
Subject: Plaza security
Hi Everyone,
want to miss the la anuques market im the area, with furniture,
dishes, and artwork. Find one-of-a-kind items to complement your home décor.
Saturday, August 15, 8 A.M.-11 A.M. / Dazzle Dash
Participants and spectators dress up in their brightest clothing-sequins, jeweled
crowns, flashing lights, etc.-for this 10K race. Athletes receive a free T-shirt,
and T-shirts will also be for sale. Sign up in advance on the city's Web site.
Sunday, August 9, 9 A.M.-4 P.M. / Flower Spectacular
It's not too late to add beautiful blooms to your garden! The Regional Nature
Association is sponsoring this sale to raise funds for community parks.
Tuesday, August 11, 8 P.M.-10 P.M. / City Glow
The lantern parade's route will start at Becker Park, run through the business
district, and end at Valdosta Plaza, where lanterns will be available for purchase.
Friday, August 14, 10 A.M.-5 P.м. / Walk through Time
You won't wont to mino tho lorgoot optic
Questions 186-190 refer to the following information, e-mail, and review.
Events at Valdosta Plaza, August 9-15
(B) observe
(C) discover
(D) achieve
187. Why did Ms. Perez write the e-mail?
(A) To update attendance figures
(B) To clarify some information
(C) To ask for volunteer workers
(D) To apologize for an error
188. In the e-mail, the word "find" in paragraph 1,
line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) supply
190. What did Ms. Engel most likely purchase as
souvenirs?
(A) Some flowers
(B) Some lanterns
(C) Some antiques
(D) Some T-shirts
we stopped by the plaza for another special event, and I found some great souvenirs to take
home. I would definitely visit Valdosta again!
186. Which event requires pre-registration?
(A) Flower Spectacular
(B) City Glow
(C) Walk through Time
(D) Dazzle Dash
189. Who assisted Ms. Engel with a problem?
(A) Marty Harris
(B) Edgar Foster
(C) Helen Clarke
(D) Daniel Langston
www.rateyourvacation.net
Destination: Valdosta
Rating: 5/5 Stars Posted August 20 by Bethany Engel
Travel Dates: August 9-14
I traveled to Valdosta with my husband and daughter recently, and we had a wonderful time
at the plaza events. I was impressed with the organization of the City Glow parade.The
streets were very crowded, and I ended up losing my handbag. Fortunately. I was able to get
almost immediate assistance from the head of security on duty. On the final day of our trip.
304
Warmest regards,
Brian Mitchell
Dear VIT. KО
I am the director of a charity called "We Unite," which provides funding to causes related
to global health. I was in Seattle on a business trip earlier this week, and I attended your
talk at the Leesburg Center. I found your insights to be fascinating, and more than ever I
was aware that I should count myself lucky for having access to clean drinking water. I
would like to explore how our two organizations could work together. Would you be able
to meet me at our head office sometime in July? I've attached information about how to
get to our site.
E-Mail message
To: Aubrey Robertson <aubreyrobertson@dropofcare.org>
From: Brian Mitchell <brian@weunite.org>
Date: June 21
Subject: We Unite
cause. Therefore, 100% of the collected funds go directly to well-building efforts in
Afghanistan, Cambodia, and Haiti-nations with a pressing need for clean water.
The event is sponsored by the Drop of Care charity. Its founder, Aubrey Robertson
(author of best-seller Thirst for Life), will give a talk at the festival as well as at the
Leesburg Center on June 18.
*Find more facts like these on dropofcare.org.
An estimated 780 million people around the world do not have clean drinking water, and
80% of illnesses in developing countries are related to poor-quality drinking water.*
There is something you can do to help!
Be a part of our fundraising efforts on Saturday, June 16, from 10 A.M. to 8 P.M. at
Sunburst Hall. The event will include activities such as a coloring contest for children, a
water-carrying race for teens, and informative lectures for adults. A suggested donation
of $10 will be collected at the entrance. The hall has been generously donated to the
Questions 191-195 refer to the following flyer and e-mails.
Water for the World Festival
Saturday, June 16, at Sunburst Hall, Seattle
GO ON TO THE NEXT PAGE
TEST 10 305
(D) Learn about the charity's current projects
193. In the first e-mail, the word "count" in
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) add
(B) consider
(C) signify
(D) estimate
Test 10
(C) It will include talks from international
politicians.
(D) It features activities for a variety of ages.
192. According to the flyer, what can visitors do on
the Web site?
(A) Read some information related to water
(B) Purchase tickets for the festival
(C) Sign up for a volunteer position
195. What do Mr. Mitchell and Ms. Robertson
have in common?
(A) They both travel extensively for work.
(B) They both used to work for the same
organization.
(C) They are both published authors.
(D) They both spoke at the Water for the
World Festival.
191. What is NOT mentioned about the June 16
event?
(A) The money it generates will be sent
overseas.
(B) The venue was provided for free.
194. What can be inferred about We Unite?
(A) It focuses solely on water projects.
(B) It was founded by Mr. Mitchell.
(C) It is a larger charity than Drop of Care.
(D) Its headquarters is in Vancouver.
Ics or Wale,
really like to meet you in person, as you suggested, to discuss a possible
partnership. Fortunately, I will be in Vancouver from July 14 to 17. Please call me
at 206-555-0199 to set up the details.
All the best,
Aubrey Robertson
Date: June 24
Subject: RE: We Unite
Dear Mr. Mitchell,
I was surprised and pleased to hear from you. I recently read your book on the
of wotor opd o mmondod it to several colleaрпез Iwould
E-Mail message
To:
From:
Brian Mitchell <brian@weunite.org>
Aubrey Bobertson aubreyrobertson@dronofcare.org
306
there would be a lot more foot traffic in the area. You mentioned that there is
another site on Wright Avenue that will be available from next month. I'm
wondering if we could schedule a time to see it together.
Many thanks,
Aaron Salazar
Subject: Viewing
Dear Mr. Reese,
Thanks for showing me the former Shimmer Jewelry building today. It is definitely
much larger than the Mayfield Street property I viewed last week. However, I'm
concerned about how profitable my business would be in that location. I thought
Christine Chenoweth
Owner, Shimmer Jewelry
To:
From:
Date:
*E-mail*
Mark Reese <reesem@stylerealty.net>
Aaron Salazar <asalazar@bid-co.com>
May 4
business day. It has been a pleasure serving you over the years, and we are honored
that we have been a part of so many weddings, anniversaries, birthdays, and other
celebrations. Although our jewelry repair services will no longer be available, you'll still
be able to purchase some of the merchandise styles from our jewelry designers. Susan
Marlow plans to start her own jewelry Web site, and Amy Sabo will open a small shop
Custer Avenue. We hope you will support their endeavors. on
Thank you for your patronage.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following notice, e-mail, and article.
NOTICE TO SHIMMER JEWELRY CUSTOMERS
After nearly two decades of service to the Huntsville community at its Powley Street
location. Shimmer Jewelry will he going out of husiness. with April 30 as our final
Stop! This is the end of the test. If you finish before time is called, you may go
back to Parts 5, 6, and 7 and check your work.
TEST 10 307
(B) urging
(C) transporting
(D) powering
Test 10
(A) Custer Avenue
(B) Mayfield Street
(C) Powley Street
(D) Wright Avenue
198. In the article, the word "driving" in paragraph
1, line 6, is closest in meaning to
(A) forcing
(D) Lowering the rent on city-owned property
★★ettor 6110
(A) She has been in business over twenty
years.
(B) Its population is in decline.
(C) It lacks a skilled workforce.
(B) She will sell her jewelry designs online.
(C) She was affected by rent increases.
(D) She plans to relocate her store to a mall.
197. Where did Mr. Salazar view a building on
May 4?
(D) It increased taxes last year.
200. What would Mr. Trevino most likely support?
(A) Running advertisements for businesses
(B) Voting again on a proposal
(C) Hosting more events in the city center
Another shop owner, Gloria Lohman, said
she relocated to the Clifton Mall, where
rents were nearly half the price. City
Manager Kyle Trevino reported that the
and taxes are just part of the equation," the
city manager said. "If we plan more
activities in the area, we can bring in more
business."
196. What can be inferred about the owner of
Shimmer Jewelry?
199. What is mentioned about Grand City?
shopping district, once a bustling area of
activity, is suffering due to skyrocketing
rents. Rental fees in the area have
increased by nearly 30% over the past few
years, driving small businesses out. For
example, local business owner Christine
Chenoweth said her store went out of
business because of these conditions
last fall, is also putting pressure on
businesses.
The local business community is seeking
solutions to keep the economy moving in
Grand City. The number of festivals, live
performances, and other events that draw
crowds has declined dramatically "Rents
Downtown Businesses Struggle to Stay Afloat
May 25-Grand City's downtown 2% increase in sales tax. passed by yoters
TEST 1
TEST 2
101(D) 102(B) 103(A) 104(C) 105(B) 106(C) 107(A) 108(D) 109(D) 110(B)
111(D) 112(B) 113(D) 114(C) 115(C) 116(B) 117(B) 118(C) 119(A) 120(C)
121(D) 122(C) 123(B) 124(D) 125(C) 126(A) 127(B) 128(C) 129(D) 130(B)
131(B) 132(D) 133(D) 134(C) 135(C) 136(B) 137(B) 138(D) 139(D) 140(C)
141(D) 142(A) 143(D) 144(B) 145(D) 146(C) 147(C) 148(B) 149(D) 150(A)
151(D) 152(C) 153(D) 154(D) 155(B) 156(A) 157(B) 158(D) 159(C) 160(C)
161(B) 162(D) 163(B) 164(A) 165(B) 166(B) 167(D) 168(A) 169(C) 170(C)
171(B) 172(B) 173(A) 174(D) 175(D) 176(D) 177(A) 178(B) 179(B) 180(C)
181(D) 182(B) 183(D) 184(A) 185(A) 186(B) 187(D) 188(D) 189(A) 190(D)
191(B) 192(D) 193(C) 194(C) 195(A) 196(D) 197(C) 198(B) 199(D) 200(B)
101(B) 103(D) 106(A) 107(D) 110(B)
111(D) 114(D) 115(B) 116(A) 119 (B) 120(D)
121(B) 122(D) 123(D) 124(D) 127(B) 128(D) 130(A)
131(D) 135(D) 137(B) 138(D)
141(D) 142(A) 143(A) 146(D) 148(D) 150(B)
152(D) 153(D) 156(D) 157(D) 158(D) 160(B)
161(D) 163(A) 164(D) 165(A) 166(B)
171(D) 172(D) 173(A) 175(A) 177(D) 178(D) 180(A)
181(A) 182(B) 183(A) 185(D) 186(B) 189(D)
193(A) 196(D) 197(D) 198(D)
TEST 3
101 (B) 102 (A) 103 (C) 104 (A) 105 (B)
106 (D) 107 (D) 108 (C) 109 (C) 110 (D)
111 (A) 112 (C) 113 (C) 114 (A) 115 (A)
116 (B) 117 (D) 118 (C) 119 (D) 120 (B)
121 (B) 122 (C) 123 (C) 124 (A) 125 (C)
126 (B) 127 (C) 128 (A) 129 (B) 130 (C)
131 (C) 132 (A) 133 (C) 134 (C) 135 (C)
136 (D) 137 (A) 138 (C) 139 (A) 140 (A)
141 (C) 142 (D) 143 (A) 144 (C) 145 (C)
146 (B) 147 (B) 148 (C) 149 (B) 150 (A)
151 (A) 152 (C) 153 (B) 154 (B) 155 (A)
156 (A) 157 (C) 158 (B) 159 (C) 160 (C)
161 (A) 162 (C) 163 (D) 164 (C) 165 (D)
166 (C) 167 (B) 168 (B) 169 (B) 170 (C)
171 (C) 172 (C) 173 (B) 174 (D) 175 (C)
176 (A) 177 (C) 178 (B) 179 (C) 180 (D)
181 (D) 182 (B) 183 (C) 184 (C) 185 (C)
186 (B) 187 (B) 188 (C) 189 (C) 190 (C)
191 (B) 192 (D) 193 (C) 194 (B) 195 (C)
196 (C) 197 (B) 198 (C) 199 (A) 200 (C)
TEST 4
101 (B) 102 (C) 103 (B) 104 (C) 105 (C)
106 (C) 107 (B) 108 (A) 109 (A) 110 (D)
111 (B) 112 (C) 113 (D) 114 (B) 115 (A)
116 (B) 117 (C) 118 (D) 119 (D) 120 (A)
121 (A) 122 (A) 123 (C) 124 (C) 125 (B)
126 (B) 127 (D) 128 (A) 129 (B) 130 (A)
131 (C) 132 (B) 133 (A) 134 (D) 135 (A)
136 (D) 137 (C) 138 (C) 139 (D) 140 (A)
141 (C) 142 (B) 143 (B) 144 (D) 145 (C)
146 (A) 147 (B) 148 (D) 149 (B) 150 (A)
151 (B) 152 (A) 153 (C) 154 (A) 155 (D)
156 (C) 157 (A) 158 (B) 159 (A) 160 (A)
161 (A) 162 (C) 163 (C) 164 (B) 165 (A)
166 (D) 167 (B) 168 (B) 169 (B) 170 (B)
171 (A) 172 (C) 173 (D) 174 (A) 175 (D)
176 (C) 177 (C) 178 (C) 179 (C) 180 (A)
181 (C) 182 (D) 183 (A) 184 (D) 185 (B)
186 (B) 187 (D) 188 (B) 189 (B) 190 (A)
191 (D) 192 (A) 193 (D) 194 (D) 195 (B)
196 (B) 197 (D) 198 (C) 199 (C) 200 (C)
TEST 5
101 (C) 102 (B) 103 (C) 104 (C) 105 (D)
106 (A) 107 (A) 108 (D) 109 (C) 110 (B)
111 (B) 112 (B) 113 (D) 114 (A) 115 (D)
116 (B) 117 (D) 118 (C) 119 (C) 120 (A)
121 (D) 122 (A) 123 (C) 124 (B) 125 (A)
126 (C) 127 (A) 128 (D) 129 (C) 130 (C)
131 (C) 132 (D) 133 (D) 134 (A) 135 (A)
136 (C) 137 (C) 138 (D) 139 (A) 140 (D)
141 (B) 142 (A) 143 (B) 144 (B) 145 (A)
146 (B) 147 (D) 148 (C) 149 (B) 150 (D)
151 (A) 152 (C) 153 (D) 154 (C) 155 (B)
156 (C) 157 (D) 158 (C) 159 (B) 160 (C)
161 (B) 162 (A) 163 (D) 164 (A) 165 (B)
166 (C) 167 (A) 168 (D) 169 (B) 170 (D)
171 (C) 172 (A) 173 (B) 174 (D) 175 (C)
176 (A) 177 (D) 178 (C) 179 (D) 180 (B)
181 (C) 182 (B) 183 (C) 184 (A) 185 (A)
186 (C) 187 (B) 188 (B) 189 (A) 190 (D)
191 (B) 192 (C) 193 (D) 194 (A) 195 (C)
196 (B) 197 (D) 198 (C) 199 (C) 200 (A)
TEST 6
101 (D) 102 (C) 103 (D) 104 (C) 105 (A)
106 (D) 107 (D) 108 (C) 109 (B) 110 (A)
111 (C) 112 (A) 113 (B) 114 (A) 115 (C)
116 (B) 117 (B) 118 (B) 119 (B) 120 (D)
121 (D) 122 (A) 123 (B) 124 (B) 125 (D)
126 (C) 127 (C) 128 (B) 129 (B) 130 (A)
131 (B) 132 (D) 133 (C) 134 (A) 135 (C)
136 (A) 137 (A) 138 (D) 139 (B) 140 (A)
141 (D) 142 (B) 143 (A) 144 (A) 145 (A)
146 (D) 147 (B) 148 (D) 149 (D) 150 (B)
151 (B) 152 (D) 153 (B) 154 (A) 155 (C)
156 (C) 157 (D) 158 (A) 159 (D) 160 (D)
161 (A) 162 (B) 163 (B) 164 (A) 165 (C)
166 (C) 167 (B) 168 (D) 169 (A) 170 (B)
171 (B) 172 (C) 173 (A) 174 (D) 175 (A)
176 (D) 177 (C) 178 (A) 179 (C) 180 (C)
181 (C) 182 (D) 183 (B) 184 (A) 185 (D)
186 (B) 187 (A) 188 (C) 189 (A) 190 (C)
191 (D) 192 (C) 193 (D) 194 (A) 195 (D)
196 (C) 197 (B) 198 (A) 199 (B) 200 (C)
TEST 7
101 (B) 102 (D) 103 (D) 104 (B) 105 (B)
106 (A) 107 (C) 108 (B) 109 (D) 110 (D)
111 (A) 112 (B) 113 (C) 114 (C) 115 (C)
116 (B) 117 (D) 118 (A) 119 (A) 120 (A)
121 (B) 122 (D) 123 (C) 124 (C) 125 (A)
126 (D) 127 (D) 128 (A) 129 (C) 130 (B)
131 (D) 132 (B) 133 (D) 134 (D) 135 (B)
136 (C) 137 (C) 138 (C) 139 (C) 140 (A)
141 (B) 142 (D) 143 (C) 144 (A) 145 (A)
146 (D) 147 (D) 148 (C) 149 (B) 150 (D)
151 (B) 152 (B) 153 (A) 154 (A) 155 (B)
156 (A) 157 (C) 158 (B) 159 (A) 160 (A)
161 (D) 162 (C) 163 (C) 164 (D) 165 (D)
166 (C) 167 (A) 168 (A) 169 (B) 170 (B)
171 (C) 172 (B) 173 (D) 174 (A) 175 (C)
176 (C) 177 (A) 178 (D) 179 (B) 180 (B)
181 (A) 182 (B) 183 (B) 184 (D) 185 (D)
186 (D) 187 (C) 188 (B) 189 (C) 190 (A)
191 (A) 192 (C) 193 (B) 194 (D) 195 (D)
196 (B) 197 (D) 198 (C) 199 (A) 200 (D)
TEST 8
101 (D) 102 (C) 103 (C) 104 (A) 105 (B)
106 (A) 107 (A) 108 (B) 109 (D) 110 (C)
111 (A) 112 (B) 113 (D) 114 (D) 115 (B)
116 (A) 117 (B) 118 (C) 119 (C) 120 (B)
121 (B) 122 (D) 123 (C) 124 (D) 125 (D)
126 (C) 127 (D) 128 (B) 129 (B) 130 (A)
131 (A) 132 (D) 133 (C) 134 (B) 135 (B)
136 (A) 137 (D) 138 (C) 139 (C) 140 (A)
141 (D) 142 (B) 143 (D) 144 (A) 145 (C)
146 (B) 147 (B) 148 (A) 149 (A) 150 (B)
151 (D) 152 (B) 153 (D) 154 (C) 155 (A)
156 (A) 157 (C) 158 (C) 159 (D) 160 (D)
161 (C) 162 (B) 163 (B) 164 (A) 165 (A)
166 (D) 167 (B) 168 (D) 169 (D) 170 (D)
171 (B) 172 (C) 173 (B) 174 (D) 175 (C)
176 (A) 177 (D) 178 (D) 179 (D) 180 (C)
181 (B) 182 (A) 183 (D) 184 (C) 185 (A)
186 (D) 187 (B) 188 (D) 189 (C) 190 (B)
191 (C) 192 (B) 193 (B) 194 (B) 195 (C)
196 (C) 197 (D) 198 (D) 199 (D) 200 (C)
TEST 9
101 (D) 102 (B) 103 (B) 104 (D) 105 (D)
106 (D) 107 (C) 108 (C) 109 (C) 110 (A)
111 (D) 112 (B) 113 (C) 114 (A) 115 (C)
116 (B) 117 (D) 118 (A) 119 (C) 120 (D)
121 (D) 122 (D) 123 (A) 124 (C) 125 (C)
126 (B) 127 (B) 128 (C) 129 (D) 130 (B)
131 (C) 132 (B) 133 (C) 134 (A) 135 (B)
136 (C) 137 (B) 138 (D) 139 (B) 140 (B)
141 (D) 142 (A) 143 (C) 144 (C) 145 (A)
146 (B) 147 (D) 148 (C) 149 (B) 150 (D)
151 (C) 152 (B) 153 (A) 154 (C) 155 (D)
156 (A) 157 (C) 158 (D) 159 (D) 160 (B)
161 (C) 162 (D) 163 (B) 164 (C) 165 (D)
166 (D) 167 (B) 168 (B) 169 (A) 170 (C)
171 (C) 172 (B) 173 (C) 174 (B) 175 (B)
176 (D) 177 (C) 178 (B) 179 (B) 180 (C)
181 (B) 182 (C) 183 (D) 184 (A) 185 (C)
186 (A) 187 (A) 188 (B) 189 (C) 190 (D)
191 (A) 192 (B) 193 (B) 194 (C) 195 (D)
196 (C) 197 (B) 198 (A) 199 (B) 200 (D)
TEST 10
101 (B) 102 (A) 103 (C) 104 (C) 105 (B)
106 (C) 107 (D) 108 (C) 109 (D) 110 (D)
111 (D) 112 (A) 113 (B) 114 (B) 115 (D)
116 (C) 117 (D) 118 (A) 119 (C) 120 (A)
121 (A) 122 (D) 123 (B) 124 (A) 125 (C)
126 (D) 127 (D) 128 (A) 129 (B) 130 (D)
131 (A) 132 (B) 133 (C) 134 (A) 135 (D)
136 (A) 137 (B) 138 (B) 139 (B) 140 (D)
141 (C) 142 (A) 143 (C) 144 (D) 145 (A)
146 (A) 147 (D) 148 (B) 149 (D) 150 (B)
151 (A) 152 (B) 153 (C) 154 (A) 155 (B)
156 (D) 157 (A) 158 (A) 159 (B) 160 (D)
161 (B) 162 (C) 163 (D) 164 (C) 165 (C)
166 (D) 167 (C) 168 (B) 169 (D) 170 (B)
171 (A) 172 (C) 173 (A) 174 (B) 175 (C)
176 (D) 177 (C) 178 (B) 179 (D) 180 (C)
181 (C) 182 (B) 183 (D) 184 (D) 185 (B)
186 (D) 187 (B) 188 (A) 189 (B) 190 (C)
191 (C) 192 (A) 193 (B) 194 (D) 195 (C)
196 (C) 197 (C) 198 (A) 199 (D) 200 (C)